                 HENRY FROWDE and HODDER & STOUGHTON
              (4-5), and proprietary system (5-6).
              and Nicaragua (513-514, 592-594).
              referendum, and recall (540-544).
           (1) Amendments 1-11--rights of persons and states (163).
          (_see_ Tariff, Immigration, and Foreign Relations).
          (~), asterisk (*) and underline (_) characters may
          (~), asterisk (*) and underline (_) characters may
          American Policies in the Philippines and the Orient      497
          Bryan, and Wilson.
          Colonial and Foreign Policies                            592
          Cooperation between Employers and Employees              571
          Cuba and the Spanish War                                 485
          Foreign Influences and Domestic Politics                 171
          George III and His System                                 77
          George III's Ministers and Their Colonial Policies        79
          Germans and other peoples (6-12).
          Immigration and Americanization                          582
          Industrial and Commercial Development                     28
          Legislative and Executive Activities                     523
          Mining and Manufacturing in the West                     436
          On to the Pacific--Texas and the Mexican War             276
          Progressive Insurgency and the Election of 1912          530
          Railways and Industry                                    401
          Relations with the Indians and the French                 57
          Republican Measures and Results                          472
          Republican Principles and Policies                       186
          Resistance and Retaliation                                99
          Resumption of British Revenue and Commercial Policies     87
          Schools and Colleges                                      43
          Slavery--North and South                                 316
          Summary of Democracy and the World War                   620
          Summary of National Growth and World Politics            504
          Summary of Union and National Politics                   212
          Summary of Western Development and National Politics     292
          Texas, internal improvements, and disposition of Western
          The Establishment of Government and the New Allegiance   108
          The Evolution of Grazing and Agriculture                 431
          The Industrial Revolution and National Politics          307
          The Interaction of American and European Opinion         265
          The Men and Measures of the New Government               162
          The Minor Parties and Unrest                             462
          The Pacific Coast and Utah                               284
          The Promise and the Difficulties of America              139
          The Protective Tariff and Taxation                       459
          The Railways and Trusts                                  460
          The Republicans and the Great West                       188
          The Rise and Growth of Organized Labor                   575
          The United States and the European War                   596
          The West and the East Meet                               230
          The Western Migration and New States                     221
          author, and additional characters may be used to
          author, and additional characters may be used to
          federations, and national unions in specific trades
          government _versus_ states' rights, and the Alien and
          labor questions, and policies with regard to land and
         _a._ Abolition of slavery: civil and political rights of
         _a._ Mexican independence and the Monroe Doctrine (205-207).
         _a._ Slavery and the "Ostend Manifesto" (485-486).
         _a._ The corporation and labor (410, 570-571).
         _b._ Company unions and profit-sharing (571-572).
         _b._ Extension of civil and political rights to women
         _b._ Mexico and French intervention--policy of the United
         _b._ Revolutionary currency and debt (125-127).
         _b._ The second United States bank--origin and destruction
         _c._ Contests with socialists and radicals (577-579).
         _c._ The overthrow of Diaz (1911) and recent questions
         _d._ American intervention and the Spanish War (491-496).
         _d._ Irrigation and reclamation (434-436, 523-525).
         _e._ Extension and limitation of negro suffrage (373-375,
         _e._ Social reform and the war on poverty (549-551).
         _e._ The Platt amendment and American protection (518-519).
         _f._ Tariff and nullification (254-256).
         _f._ Taxation and equality of opportunity (551-552).
         _g._ Development to the Civil War--attitude of South and West
         _g._ Nullification and state sovereignty (180-182, 251-257).
         _h._ Civil War greenbacks and specie payment (352-353, 454).
         _h._ Control of trusts and corporations (461-462, 589-590).
         _h._ Republicans and Civil War tariffs (352, 367).
         _k._ Demonetization of silver and silver legislation
        and political (302-303).
       1. Before the Civil War: Free Soil (319) and Labor Parties
       1. Cattle ranges and cowboys (276-278, 431-432).
       1. Debt and currency.
       1. Extent of colonial trade and commerce (32-35).
       1. Government and land system (217-231).
       1. Nationalities: English, Irish, Germans, and Scandinavians
       1. Origin and growth of state government.
       1. Territory of the United States in 1783 (134 and color map).
       1. The rise of local and domestic industries (28-32).
       11. Acquisition of Porto Rico, the Philippines, and Guam at
       14. Extension of protectorate over Haiti, Santo Domingo, and
       2. Louisiana purchase, 1803 (188-193 and color map).
       2. Origin and growth of national government.
       2. Whig leaders: Webster and Clay.
       3. Blockade and embargo problems (193-199).
       3. Caribbean and other relations.
       3. Effects of the Revolution and the Constitution
       3. Issues: Civil War and reconstruction, currency, tariff,
       3. Problems of congestion and assimilation (410).
       3. Relations to the East and Europe (443-447).
       3. The Homestead act and its results (368, 432-433).
       4. Foreign and domestic commerce and transportation
       4. Relations to labor and illiteracy (582-586).
       4. The Boxer rebellion and the "open door" policy (499-502).
       4. The cattle range and cowboy (431-432).
       5. Acquisition of Arizona, New Mexico, California, and other
       5. Monroe Doctrine and Holy Alliance (205-207).
       5. Roosevelt and the close of the Russo-Japanese War (511).
       5. The relations of capital and labor.
       5. Waterways and canals (230-236).
       6. Irrigation and reclamation (434-436).
       6. Legislation advancing human rights and general welfare
       6. Rise and extension of the railway system (298-300).
       6. Rise and growth of trusts and combinations (406-412,
     "May 12th, Chicago.--Chocolate and morning journals last
     23rd, Leavenworth (Kansas).--Room bells and bath tubs make
     26th, Manhattan.--Potatoes and eggs last recognized among
     Chief Executive and Director
     Chief Executive and Director
     Constitutions, state, Suffrage, Commerce, and Industry
     German, the Italian, the Anglo-American, and the American
     II. Early colonial wars: King William's, Queen Anne's, and King
     II. Period of conflict and independence.
     II. Relation of government to economic and social welfare.
     III. Commerce and transportation.
     III. French and Indian War (Seven Years' War), 1754-1763 (59-61).
     III. Prairies, plains, and desert.
     IV. Immigration and immigration questions after 1890.
     Indian, squaw and warrior. In the place of honor in the
     Mr. Calder, F.G.R. Roth, and Leo Lentelli, topped the Arch
     Pioneers"), designed by A. Stirling Calder and modeled by
     Presidt. and Deputy from Virginia
     To share the plunder and fix things right.
     VII. The United States and Latin America.
     [*]  The eBook, when displayed, is clearly readable, and
     [*]  The eBook, when displayed, is clearly readable, and
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     flanked right and left by the Hopes of the Future in the
     girlish, but strong, dignified, and womanly, the Mother of
     let us know your plans and to work out the details.
     let us know your plans and to work out the details.
     moves a group of men and women typical of those who have
     of the prairie schooner, is a figure, beautiful and almost
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
    Fell the snow so soft and light...
    Fetching water clear and sweet,
    Repair and its modifications; Clinical features; _Primary and
    SCALDS--INJURIES PRODUCED BY ELECTRICITY: _X-ray and
    Slavery, Secession, and Immigration
    Strong natures tuned to the harvest-song and bound to the kindly soil;
    VEINS: _Air Embolism_--Repair of blood vessels and natural
    _Acute osteomyelitis and periostitis_; _Chronic and relapsing
    _Calcification and Ossification_; _Tumours_. DISEASES OF TENDON
    administering mercury_--Syphilis and marriage--Intermediate
    and Constitutions, state
    and marriage, 167
    bursitis; Bursal hydrops; Solid bursal tumour; Gonorrhoeal and
    disease--Tumours--_Diseases of individual bursae in the upper and
    from burns and scalds, 95
    from mechanical causes_; _Gangrene from heat, chemical agents, and
    if ord(c) > 127 and c not in s:
    in muscles and tendons, 416
    membrane_--Diffuse cellulitis and diffuse suppuration--
    mimetic affections of joints--Tumours and cysts--Loose bodies.
    nerves. _See_ Common Peroneal Nerve and Tibial Nerve
    of forearm and hand, 318
    of leg and foot, 320
    of the disease--THE TUBERCULOUS ABSCESS--Contents and wall of the
    predisposition--Relationship of tuberculosis to injury--Human and
    suppurative forms of bursitis; Tuberculous and syphilitic
    the nervous system--Fragilitas ossium--Tumours and cysts of bone.
   19. Tibia and Fibula, showing changes due to Chronic Ulcer of     80
   42. Tertiary Syphilitic Ulceration in region of Knee and on      171
   70. Cirsoid Aneurysm of Orbit and Face                           300
   93. Callosities and Corns on Sole of Foot                        377
   98. Elephantiasis of Penis and Scrotum                           388
   _See also_ Immigration, Royal province, Suffrage, and
  111. Radiogram of Calcification and Ossification in Biceps and    418
  119. Femur and Tibia showing results of Acute Osteomyelitis       445
  131. Syphilitic Hyperostosis and Sclerosis of Tibia               464
  142. Multiple Chondromas of Phalanges and Metacarpals             488
  154. Osseous Ankylosis of Femur and Tibia                         503
  Blood vessels. _See_ Arteries and Veins
  French and Indian War, 60ff.
  Injuries, 218. _See also_ Individual Tissues and Regions
  Marriage and syphilis, 167
  Military  and  naval,  etc.,  service |              |
  Ossification in muscles, tendons, and fasciae, 416
  Syphilis, 147. _See also_ Individual Tissues and Organs
  Tuberculosis, 133. _See also_ Individual Tissues and Organs
  Tumours, 181. _See also_ Individual Tumours and Tissues
  Wounds, 220. _See also_ Individual Tissues and Regions
  _See also_ Constitutions, state, Suffrage, Slavery, and Secession
  _See also_ Immigration, Royal province, Suffrage, and Constitutions,
  _See also_ Industry, Suffrage, Commerce, and Wars
  _See also_ McKinley, Roosevelt, and Taft
  _See also_ Royal province, Immigration, Suffrage, and Constitutions,
  _See also_ Slavery and Compromise
  _See also_ Slavery and Planting system, and Reconstruction
  _See also_ Suffrage, Nullification, and Secession
  _See also_ Trusts and Railways
  and Constitution, 154
  and World War, 606
  and movement for Constitution, 142ff.
  and territories, 325ff.
  and the Constitution, 324
  and wealth, 522, 551
  education and civil rights, 554ff.
  law and practice in 1914, 598ff.
 "All our stupidity, Yakov Alpatych," came the answers, and the
 After this, three pages were left blank in the diary, and then
 Natasha gave herself up so fully and frankly to this new feeling
 Rostov, growing red and pale alternately, looked first at one
 and
 and finally of the mission which he had accomplished so delicately and successfully for the reigning family of Holland. Beyond these signs of his activity, however, which I merely shared with all the readers of the daily press, I knew little of my former friend and companion.
 and under strange conditions. So far I had got before I ever heard Lord St. Simon's narrative. When he told us of a man in a pew, of the change in the bride's manner, of so transparent a device for obtaining a note as the dropping of a bouquet, of her resort to her confidential maid, and of her very significant allusion to claim-jumping--which in miners' parlance means taking possession of that which another person has a prior claim to--the whole situation became absolutely clear. She had gone off with a man, and the man was either a lover or was a previous husband--the chances being in favour of the latter."
 as I followed after him, pulled me swiftly into a porch which gaped in front of us. We stepped, as it were, right out of the carriage and into the hall, so that I failed to catch the most fleeting glance of the front of the house. The instant that I had crossed the threshold the door slammed heavily behind us, and I heard faintly the rattle of the wheels as the carriage drove away.
 down the right path as nothing else had ever done. In a word, I turned over a new leaf and did my best to make up for the past. All was going well when McCarthy laid his grip upon me.
 father followed her, but learned from her maid that she had only come up to her chamber for an instant, caught up an ulster and bonnet, and hurried down to the passage. One of the footmen declared that he had seen a lady leave the house thus apparelled, but had refused to credit that it was his mistress, believing her to be with the company. On ascertaining that his daughter had disappeared, Mr. Aloysius Doran, in conjunction with the bridegroom, instantly put themselves in communication with the police, and very energetic inquiries are being made, which will probably result in a speedy clearing up of this very singular business. Up to a late hour last night, however, nothing had transpired as to the whereabouts of the missing lady. There are rumours of foul play in the matter, and it is said that the police have caused the arrest of the woman who had caused the original disturbance, in the belief that, from jealousy or some other motive, she may have been concerned in the strange disappearance of the bride

 my excuses, escaped from the house. I hesitated whether to attempt to secure the photograph at once; but the coachman had come in, and as he was watching me narrowly, it seemed safer to wait. A little over-precipitance may ruin all."
 of the ceiling, the blue smoke curling up from him, silent, motionless, with the light shining upon his strong-set aquiline features. So he sat as I dropped off to sleep, and so he sat when a sudden ejaculation caused me to wake up, and I found the summer sun shining into the apartment. The pipe was still between his lips, the smoke still curled upward, and the room was full of a dense tobacco haze, but nothing remained of the heap of shag which I had seen upon the previous night.
 pain to any creature weaker than himself seems to be his one idea of amusement, and he shows quite remarkable talent in planning the capture of mice, little birds, and insects. But I would rather not talk about the creature, Mr. Holmes, and, indeed, he has little to do with my story."
 seven hours I plied my trade, and when I returned home in the evening I found to my surprise that I had received no less than 26s. 4d.
 the way out I dropped my bouquet over to him, and he slipped the note into my hand when he returned me the flowers. It was only a line asking me to join him when he made the sign to me to do so. Of course I never doubted for a moment that my first duty was now to him, and I determined to do just whatever he might direct.
" 'Absolute and complete silence before, during, and after? No reference to the matter at all, either in word or writing?'
" 'Ah!' said he carelessly, 'we have our own process. We compress the earth into bricks, so as to remove them without revealing what they are. But that is a mere detail. I have taken you fully into my confidence now, Mr. Hatherley, and I have shown you how I trust you.' He rose as he spoke. 'I shall expect you, then, at Eyford at 11:15.'
" 'And he is admirably suited for it,' the other answered. 'He has every requirement. I cannot recall when I have seen anything so fine.' He took a step backward, cocked his head on one side, and gazed at my hair until I felt quite bashful. Then suddenly he plunged forward, wrung my hand, and congratulated me warmly on my success.
" 'And not a word to a soul.' He looked at me with a last long, questioning gaze, and then, pressing my hand in a cold, dank grasp, he hurried from the room.
" 'Because during the last few nights I have always, about three in the morning, heard a low, clear whistle. I am a light sleeper, and it has awakened me. I cannot tell where it came from--perhaps from the next room, perhaps from the lawn. I thought that I would just ask you whether you had heard it.'
" 'Between nine and ten last night Police-Constable Cook, of the H Division, on duty near Waterloo Bridge, heard a cry for help and a splash in the water. The night, however, was extremely dark and stormy, so that, in spite of the help of several passers-by, it was quite impossible to effect a rescue. The alarm, however, was given, and, by the aid of the water-police, the body was eventually recovered. It proved to be that of a young gentleman whose name, as it appears from an envelope which was found in his pocket, was John Openshaw, and whose residence is near Horsham. It is conjectured that he may have been hurrying down to catch the last train from Waterloo Station, and that in his haste and the extreme darkness he missed his path and walked over the edge of one of the small landing-places for river steamboats. The body exhibited no traces of violence, and there can be no doubt that the deceased had been the victim of an unfortunate accident, which should have the effect of calling the attention of the a

" 'DEAR MISS HUNTER:--Miss Stoper has very kindly given me your address, and I write from here to ask you whether you have reconsidered your decision. My wife is very anxious that you should come, for she has been much attracted by my description of you. We are willing to give $30 a quarter, or $120 a year, so as to recompense you for any little inconvenience which our fads may cause you. They are not very exacting, after all. My wife is fond of a particular shade of electric blue and would like you to wear such a dress indoors in the morning. You need not, however, go to the expense of purchasing one, as we have one belonging to my dear daughter Alice (now in Philadelphia), which would, I should think, fit you very well. Then, as to sitting here or there, or amusing yourself in any manner indicated, that need cause you no inconvenience. As regards your hair, it is no doubt a pity, especially as I could not help remarking its beauty during our short interview, but I am afraid that I must remain firm upon thi

" 'Dear me! How very impertinent! Kindly turn round and motion to him to go away.'
" 'Dear me!' he said gravely, 'that is very serious indeed! I am sorry to hear you say that. The fund was, of course, for the propagation and spread of the red-heads as well as for their maintenance. It is exceedingly unfortunate that you should be a bachelor.'
" 'Death,' said he, and rising from the table he retired to his room, leaving me palpitating with horror. I took up the envelope and saw scrawled in red ink upon the inner flap, just above the gum, the letter K three times repeated. There was nothing else save the five dried pips. What could be the reason of his overpowering terror? I left the breakfast-table, and as I ascended the stair I met him coming down with an old rusty key, which must have belonged to the attic, in one hand, and a small brass box, like a cashbox, in the other.
" 'Don't be frightened,' said my employer, laughing at the start which I had given. 'It's only Carlo, my mastiff. I call him mine, but really old Toller, my groom, is the only man who can do anything with him. We feed him once a day, and not too much then, so that he is always as keen as mustard. Toller lets him loose every night, and God help the trespasser whom he lays his fangs upon. For goodness' sake don't you ever on any pretext set your foot over the threshold at night, for it's as much as your life is worth.'
" 'Hampshire. Charming rural place. The Copper Beeches, five miles on the far side of Winchester. It is the most lovely country, my dear young lady, and the dearest old country-house.'
" 'Here we are, Jack,' says he, touching me on the arm; 'we'll be as good as a family to you. There's two of us, me and my son, and you can have the keeping of us. If you don't--it's a fine, law-abiding country is England, and there's always a policeman within hail.'
" 'I am afraid that it is quite essential,' said he. 'It is a little fancy of my wife's, and ladies' fancies, you know, madam, ladies' fancies must be consulted. And so you won't cut your hair?'
" 'I am afraid that that is quite impossible,' said I. He had been watching me eagerly out of his small eyes, and I could see a shadow pass over his face as I spoke.
" 'I was foolish enough to go into the empty wing,' I answered. 'But it is so lonely and eerie in this dim light that I was frightened and ran out again. Oh, it is so dreadfully still in there!'
" 'I wish you, John,' said my uncle, 'to witness my will. I leave my estate, with all its advantages and all its disadvantages, to my brother, your father, whence it will, no doubt, descend to you. If you can enjoy it in peace, well and good! If you find you cannot, take my advice, my boy, and leave it to your deadliest enemy. I am sorry to give you such a two-edged thing, but I can't say what turn things are going to take. Kindly sign the paper where Mr. Fordham shows you.'
" 'Is to copy out the Encyclopaedia Britannica. There is the first volume of it in that press. You must find your own ink, pens, and blotting-paper, but we provide this table and chair. Will you be ready to-morrow?'
" 'It is absolutely essential to me,' said he, 'that I should have $50,000 at once. I could, of course, borrow so trifling a sum ten times over from my friends, but I much prefer to make it a matter of business and to carry out that business myself. In my position you can readily understand that it is unwise to place one's self under obligations.'
" 'It is not worth your while to wait,' she went on. 'You can pass through the door; no one hinders.' And then, seeing that I smiled and shook my head, she suddenly threw aside her constraint and made a step forward, with her hands wrung together. 'For the love of Heaven!' she whispered, 'get away from here before it is too late!'
" 'It's only four hours a day, and I should not think of leaving,' said I.
" 'Keep your forgiveness for those who ask for it,' he answered, turning away from me with a sneer. I saw that he was too hardened for any words of mine to influence him. There was but one way for it. I called in the inspector and gave him into custody. A search was made at once not only of his person but of his room and of every portion of the house where he could possibly have concealed the gems; but no trace of them could be found, nor would the wretched boy open his mouth for all our persuasions and our threats. This morning he was removed to a cell, and I, after going through all the police formalities, have hurried round to you to implore you to use your skill in unravelling the matter. The police have openly confessed that they can at present make nothing of it. You may go to any expense which you think necessary. I have already offered a reward of $1000. My God, what shall I do! I have lost my honour, my gems, and my son in one night. Oh, what shall I do!"
" 'Ku Klux Klan. A name derived from the fanciful resemblance to the sound produced by cocking a rifle. This terrible secret society was formed by some ex-Confederate soldiers in the Southern states after the Civil War, and it rapidly formed local branches in different parts of the country, notably in Tennessee, Louisiana, the Carolinas, Georgia, and Florida. Its power was used for political purposes, principally for the terrorising of the negro voters and the murdering and driving from the country of those who were opposed to its views. Its outrages were usually preceded by a warning sent to the marked man in some fantastic but generally recognised shape--a sprig of oak-leaves in some parts, melon seeds or orange pips in others. On receiving this the victim might either openly abjure his former ways, or might fly from the country. If he braved the matter out, death would unfailingly come upon him, and usually in some strange and unforeseen manner. So perfect was the organisation of the society, and so syste

" 'MY DEAR MR. SHERLOCK HOLMES:--Lord Backwater tells me that I may place implicit reliance upon your judgment and discretion. I have determined, therefore, to call upon you and to consult you in reference to the very painful event which has occurred in connection with my wedding. Mr. Lestrade, of Scotland Yard, is acting already in the matter, but he assures me that he sees no objection to your co-operation, and that he even thinks that it might be of some assistance. I will call at four o'clock in the afternoon, and, should you have any other engagement at that time, I hope that you will postpone it, as this matter is of paramount importance. Yours faithfully,
" 'MY DEAREST UNCLE:--I feel that I have brought trouble upon you, and that if I had acted differently this terrible misfortune might never have occurred. I cannot, with this thought in my mind, ever again be happy under your roof, and I feel that I must leave you forever. Do not worry about my future, for that is provided for; and, above all, do not search for me, for it will be fruitless labour and an ill-service to me. In life or in death, I am ever your loving
" 'Mr. Hatherley?' said he, with something of a German accent. 'You have been recommended to me, Mr. Hatherley, as being a man who is not only proficient in his profession but is also discreet and capable of preserving a secret.'
" 'My accomplishments, sir, may be less than you imagine,' said I. 'A little French, a little German, music, and drawing--'
" 'My dear young lady! my dear young lady!'--you cannot think how caressing and soothing his manner was--'and what has frightened you, my dear young lady?'
" 'My name,' said he, 'is Mr. Duncan Ross, and I am myself one of the pensioners upon the fund left by our noble benefactor. Are you a married man, Mr. Wilson? Have you a family?'
" 'Never mind. I'll have the other, and I'll take it now,' said I.
" 'Next Monday I have a large sum due to me, and I shall then most certainly repay what you advance, with whatever interest you think it right to charge. But it is very essential to me that the money should be paid at once.'
" 'No, no, we should have him loitering here always. Kindly turn round and wave him away like that.'
" 'No, no. This is only where we compress it. But never mind that. All we wish you to do is to examine the machine and to let us know what is wrong with it.'
" 'Not so many as you might think,' he answered. 'You see it is really confined to Londoners, and to grown men. This American had started from London when he was young, and he wanted to do the old town a good turn. Then, again, I have heard it is no use your applying if your hair is light red, or dark red, or anything but real bright, blazing, fiery red. Now, if you cared to apply, Mr. Wilson, you would just walk in; but perhaps it would hardly be worth your while to put yourself out of the way for the sake of a few hundred pounds.'
" 'Oh, merely a couple of hundred a year, but the work is slight, and it need not interfere very much with one's other occupations.'
" 'Oh, very well. Kill it and take it with you.'
" 'Oh, yes,' said he, turning to me, 'we are very much obliged to you, Miss Hunter, for falling in with our whims so far as to cut your hair. I assure you that it has not detracted in the tiniest iota from your appearance. We shall now see how the electric-blue dress will become you. You will find it laid out upon the bed in your room, and if you would be so good as to put it on we should both be extremely obliged.'
" 'Oh,' said he, 'his name was William Morris. He was a solicitor and was using my room as a temporary convenience until his new premises were ready. He moved out yesterday.'
" 'Oh,' says she, 'we've set yours aside for you--Jem's bird, we call it. It's the big white one over yonder. There's twenty-six of them, which makes one for you, and one for us, and two dozen for the market.'
" 'One child--one dear little romper just six years old. Oh, if you could see him killing cockroaches with a slipper! Smack! smack! smack! Three gone before you could wink!' He leaned back in his chair and laughed his eyes into his head again.
" 'Perhaps you will have the kindness to wait in this room for a few minutes,' said he, throwing open another door. It was a quiet, little, plainly furnished room, with a round table in the centre, on which several German books were scattered. Colonel Stark laid down the lamp on the top of a harmonium beside the door. 'I shall not keep you waiting an instant,' said he, and vanished into the darkness.
" 'Photography is one of my hobbies,' said he. 'I have made my dark room up there. But, dear me! what an observant young lady we have come upon. Who would have believed it? Who would have ever believed it?' He spoke in a jesting tone, but there was no jest in his eyes as he looked at me. I read suspicion there and annoyance, but no jest.
" 'Pon my word, Watson, you are coming along wonderfully. You have really done very well indeed. It is true that you have missed everything of importance, but you have hit upon the method, and you have a quick eye for colour. Never trust to general impressions, my boy, but concentrate yourself upon details. My first glance is always at a woman's sleeve. In a man it is perhaps better first to take the knee of the trouser. As you observe, this woman had plush upon her sleeves, which is a most useful material for showing traces. The double line a little above the wrist, where the typewritist presses against the table, was beautifully defined. The sewing-machine, of the hand type, leaves a similar mark, but only on the left arm, and on the side of it farthest from the thumb, instead of being right across the broadest part, as this was. I then glanced at her face, and, observing the dint of a pince-nez at either side of her nose, I ventured a remark upon short sight and typewriting, which seemed to surprise her."

" 'Precisely.' He opened the case, and there, imbedded in soft, flesh-coloured velvet, lay the magnificent piece of jewellery which he had named. 'There are thirty-nine enormous beryls,' said he, 'and the price of the gold chasing is incalculable. The lowest estimate would put the worth of the coronet at double the sum which I have asked. I am prepared to leave it with you as my security.'
" 'She came in just now by the back door. I have no doubt that she has only been to the side gate to see someone, but I think that it is hardly safe and should be stopped.'
" 'Some little time ago I bought a small place--a very small place--within ten miles of Reading. I was fortunate enough to discover that there was a deposit of fuller's-earth in one of my fields. On examining it, however, I found that this deposit was a comparatively small one, and that it formed a link between two very much larger ones upon the right and left--both of them, however, in the grounds of my neighbours. These good people were absolutely ignorant that their land contained that which was quite as valuable as a gold-mine. Naturally, it was to my interest to buy their land before they discovered its true value, but unfortunately I had no capital by which I could do this. I took a few of my friends into the secret, however, and they suggested that we should quietly and secretly work our own little deposit and that in this way we should earn the money which would enable us to buy the neighbouring fields. This we have now been doing for some time, and in order to help us in our operations we erected a 

" 'Some preposterous practical joke,' said he. 'What have I to do with sundials and papers? I shall take no notice of such nonsense.'
" 'That will do,' said he; 'I could not ask for anything better. Capital! capital!' He seemed quite enthusiastic and rubbed his hands together in the most genial fashion. He was such a comfortable-looking man that it was quite a pleasure to look at him.
" 'That you may get away, or perhaps that you may conceal what you have stolen,' said I. And then, realising the dreadful position in which I was placed, I implored him to remember that not only my honour but that of one who was far greater than I was at stake; and that he threatened to raise a scandal which would convulse the nation. He might avert it all if he would but tell me what he had done with the three missing stones.
" 'That's all right,' said he, coming back. 'I know that clerks are sometimes curious as to their master's affairs. Now we can talk in safety.' He drew up his chair very close to mine and began to stare at me again with the same questioning and thoughtful look.
" 'The Church of St. Monica, John,' she cried, 'and half a sovereign if you reach it in twenty minutes.'
" 'The ceremony, which was performed at St. George's, Hanover Square, was a very quiet one, no one being present save the father of the bride, Mr. Aloysius Doran, the Duchess of Balmoral, Lord Backwater, Lord Eustace and Lady Clara St. Simon (the younger brother and sister of the bridegroom), and Lady Alicia Whittington. The whole party proceeded afterwards to the house of Mr. Aloysius Doran, at Lancaster Gate, where breakfast had been prepared. It appears that some little trouble was caused by a woman, whose name has not been ascertained, who endeavoured to force her way into the house after the bridal party, alleging that she had some claim upon Lord St. Simon. It was only after a painful and prolonged scene that she was ejected by the butler and the footman. The bride, who had fortunately entered the house before this unpleasant interruption, had sat down to breakfast with the rest, when she complained of a sudden indisposition and retired to her room. Her prolonged absence having caused some comment, her

" 'The family of Lord Robert St. Simon has been thrown into the greatest consternation by the strange and painful episodes which have taken place in connection with his wedding. The ceremony, as shortly announced in the papers of yesterday, occurred on the previous morning; but it is only now that it has been possible to confirm the strange rumours which have been so persistently floating about. In spite of the attempts of the friends to hush the matter up, so much public attention has now been drawn to it that no good purpose can be served by affecting to disregard what is a common subject for conversation.
" 'The other is a good three pound heavier,' said she, 'and we fattened it expressly for you.'
" 'The work appears to be light and the pay munificent.'
" 'Then, good-bye, Mr. Jabez Wilson, and let me congratulate you once more on the important position which you have been fortunate enough to gain.' He bowed me out of the room and I went home with my assistant, hardly knowing what to say or do, I was so pleased at my own good fortune.
" 'Then, good-night.' I kissed her and went up to my bedroom again, where I was soon asleep.
" 'They may do what they like, but I'll checkmate them still,' said he with an oath. 'Tell Mary that I shall want a fire in my room to-day, and send down to Fordham, the Horsham lawyer.'
" 'This is Mr. Jabez Wilson,' said my assistant, 'and he is willing to fill a vacancy in the League.'
" 'This is my secretary and manager,' said the colonel. 'By the way, I was under the impression that I left this door shut just now. I fear that you have felt the draught.'
" 'To Eyford, in Berkshire. It is a little place near the borders of Oxfordshire, and within seven miles of Reading. There is a train from Paddington which would bring you there at about 11:15.'
" 'Tut, tut!' he cried. 'This is all quite beside the question. The point is, have you or have you not the bearing and deportment of a lady? There it is in a nutshell. If you have not, you are not fitted for the rearing of a child who may some day play a considerable part in the history of the country. But if you have why, then, how could any gentleman ask you to condescend to accept anything under the three figures? Your salary with me, madam, would commence at $100 a year.'
" 'Very good.' He suddenly sprang up, and darting like lightning across the room he flung open the door. The passage outside was empty.
" 'Very well,' said he, 'you shall know all about the machine.' He took a step backward, slammed the little door, and turned the key in the lock. I rushed towards it and pulled at the handle, but it was quite secure, and did not give in the least to my kicks and shoves. 'Hullo!' I yelled. 'Hullo! Colonel! Let me out!'
" 'We are now,' said he, 'actually within the hydraulic press, and it would be a particularly unpleasant thing for us if anyone were to turn it on. The ceiling of this small chamber is really the end of the descending piston, and it comes down with the force of many tons upon this metal floor. There are small lateral columns of water outside which receive the force, and which transmit and multiply it in the manner which is familiar to you. The machine goes readily enough, but there is some stiffness in the working of it, and it has lost a little of its force. Perhaps you will have the goodness to look it over and to show us how we can set it right.'
" 'We have judged it best that you should come late. It is to recompense you for any inconvenience that we are paying to you, a young and unknown man, a fee which would buy an opinion from the very heads of your profession. Still, of course, if you would like to draw out of the business, there is plenty of time to do so.'
" 'Well, it is of no great consequence, at any rate.' She smiled back at me, closed my door, and a few moments later I heard her key turn in the lock."
" 'Well, perhaps it is better that I should not tell you that just at this moment. I have it from the same source that you are both an orphan and a bachelor and are residing alone in London.'
" 'Well, really, it seems rather useless, since you refuse the most excellent offers in this fashion,' said she sharply. 'You can hardly expect us to exert ourselves to find another such opening for you. Good-day to you, Miss Hunter.' She struck a gong upon the table, and I was shown out by the page.
" 'Well, then, you know now. And if you ever put your foot over that threshold again'--here in an instant the smile hardened into a grin of rage, and he glared down at me with the face of a demon--'I'll throw you to the mastiff.'
" 'Well,' said I, 'you said you'd give me one for Christmas, and I was feeling which was the fattest.'
" 'Well,' said he, showing me the advertisement, 'you can see for yourself that the League has a vacancy, and there is the address where you should apply for particulars. As far as I can make out, the League was founded by an American millionaire, Ezekiah Hopkins, who was very peculiar in his ways. He was himself red-headed, and he had a great sympathy for all red-headed men; so, when he died, it was found that he had left his enormous fortune in the hands of trustees, with instructions to apply the interest to the providing of easy berths to men whose hair is of that colour. From all I hear it is splendid pay and very little to do.'
" 'Why, what is it, then?' I asked. You see, Mr. Holmes, I am a very stay-at-home man, and as my business came to me instead of my having to go to it, I was often weeks on end without putting my foot over the door-mat. In that way I didn't know much of what was going on outside, and I was always glad of a bit of news.
" 'Why,' says he, 'here's another vacancy on the League of the Red-headed Men. It's worth quite a little fortune to any man who gets it, and I understand that there are more vacancies than there are men, so that the trustees are at their wits' end what to do with the money. If my hair would only change colour, here's a nice little crib all ready for me to step into.'
" 'Yes, Jem; there were two barred-tailed ones, and I could never tell them apart.'
" 'Yes, but you would not have me leave it a dishonoured man,' said he. 'I could not bear the disgrace. I must raise the money in some way, and if you will not let me have it, then I must try other means.'
" 'You are mad, Elise!' he shouted, struggling to break away from her. 'You will be the ruin of us. He has seen too much. Let me pass, I say!' He dashed her to one side, and, rushing to the window, cut at me with his heavy weapon. I had let myself go, and was hanging by the hands to the sill, when his blow fell. I was conscious of a dull pain, my grip loosened, and I fell into the garden below.
" 'You may as well face the matter,' said I; 'you have been caught in the act, and no confession could make your guilt more heinous. If you but make such reparation as is in your power, by telling us where the beryls are, all shall be forgiven and forgotten.'
"'Come along to the colonel,' I said. He starts yelling, and
"'To him that hath shall be given, and from him that hath not
"606" and "914" is not free from risk; it may be mentioned that each
"7th. Set the pips on McCauley, Paramore, and
"914," which is more easily prepared and forms a neutral solution. It
"A Juryman: Did you see nothing which aroused your suspicions when you returned on hearing the cry and found your father fatally injured?
"A certain selection and discretion must be used in producing a realistic effect," remarked Holmes. "This is wanting in the police report, where more stress is laid, perhaps, upon the platitudes of the magistrate than upon the details, which to an observer contain the vital essence of the whole matter. Depend upon it, there is nothing so unnatural as the commonplace."
"A diary?" Nicholas repeated with a shade of irony, and he took up
"A feeling of repulsion, and of something akin to fear had begun to rise within me at the strange antics of this fleshless man. Even my dread of losing a client could not restrain me from showing my impatience.
"A fine thing too!" replied the captain, "and really..."
"A good figure and in her first bloom," he was saying, but on seeing
"A joke indeed!" put in the count. "Let him but say the word and
"A pair, by the sound," said he. "Yes," he continued, glancing out of the window. "A nice little brougham and a pair of beauties. A hundred and fifty guineas apiece. There's money in this case, Watson, if there is nothing else."
"A promise is own brother to performance! I said Friday and here
"About sixty; but his constitution has been shattered by his life abroad, and he has been in failing health for some time. This business has had a very bad effect upon him. He was an old friend of McCarthy's, and, I may add, a great benefactor to him, for I have learned that he gave him Hatherley Farm rent free."
"After that, I could not make out what there was; something blue and
"Against your will He will save and have mercy on you and bring
"Ah yes, and what else did he say that's unpleasant?" thought Prince
"Ah yes, my dear," said the count, addressing the visitor and
"Ah! He is alive," said Napoleon. "Lift this young man up and
"Ah! mon ami, I only pray, and hope that God will hear me.
"Ah! my dear!... Ah! Mary!" they suddenly exclaimed, and then
"Ah! my dear, I am afraid you and your monk are wasting your
"Ah! who? I would call your attention very particularly to two points. One is that the murdered man had an appointment with someone at the pool, and that the someone could not have been his son, for his son was away, and he did not know when he would return. The second is that the murdered man was heard to cry 'Cooee!' before he knew that his son had returned. Those are the crucial points upon which the case depends. And now let us talk about George Meredith, if you please, and we shall leave all minor matters until to-morrow."
"Ah!" said the Emperor reassured, and with a kindly gleam in his
"Ah, Bradstreet, how are you?" A tall, stout official had come down the stone-flagged passage, in a peaked cap and frogged jacket. "I wish to have a quiet word with you, Bradstreet." "Certainly, Mr. Holmes. Step into my room here." It was a small, office-like room, with a huge ledger upon the table, and a telephone projecting from the wall. The inspector sat down at his desk.
"Ah, Nikita Ivanych!" cried Nicholas, rising politely, and as if
"Ah, Watson," said Holmes, smiling, "perhaps you would not be very gracious either, if, after all the trouble of wooing and wedding, you found yourself deprived in an instant of wife and of fortune. I think that we may judge Lord St. Simon very mercifully and thank our stars that we are never likely to find ourselves in the same position. Draw your chair up and hand me my violin, for the only problem we have still to solve is how to while away these bleak autumnal evenings."
"Ah, a weapon?" said the officer and turned to the barefooted
"Ah, and Ivanushka is here too!" said Prince Andrew, glancing with a
"Ah, and here's Nicholas!" cried Natasha, running up to him.
"Ah, and what did you gather from this allusion to a band--a speckled band?"
"Ah, how bitter it is to love someone near to you and to feel that..."
"Ah, it can't be avoided!" thought Nicholas, for the first and
"Ah, may the devil take you and evewybody," were the last words
"Ah, my God! my God! When one thinks who and what--what trash--can
"Ah, my dear! He is so rich, and we are so poor!"
"Ah, my dear, my dear!" he began, rising and taking her by both
"Ah, my friend!" said he, taking Pierre by the elbow; and there
"Ah, thereby hangs a rather painful tale. This fellow is madly, insanely, in love with her, but some two years ago, when he was only a lad, and before he really knew her, for she had been away five years at a boarding-school, what does the idiot do but get into the clutches of a barmaid in Bristol and marry her at a registry office? No one knows a word of the matter, but you can imagine how maddening it must be to him to be upbraided for not doing what he would give his very eyes to do, but what he knows to be absolutely impossible. It was sheer frenzy of this sort which made him throw his hands up into the air when his father, at their last interview, was goading him on to propose to Miss Turner. On the other hand, he had no means of supporting himself, and his father, who was by all accounts a very hard man, would have thrown him over utterly had he known the truth. It was with his barmaid wife that he had spent the last three days in Bristol, and his father did not know where he was. Mark that point. It i

"Ah, what a mad bweed you Wostovs are!" he muttered, and Rostov
"Ah, yes, I shall keep the stone. Thank you. And, I say, Peterson, just buy a goose on your way back and leave it here with me, for we must have one to give to this gentleman in place of the one which your family is now devouring."
"Ah, yes, of course! Well, a cheetah is just a big cat, and yet a saucer of milk does not go very far in satisfying its wants, I daresay. There is one point which I should wish to determine." He squatted down in front of the wooden chair and examined the seat of it with the greatest attention.
"Ah, yes. I should like a few particulars as to this young lady, and your relations to her."
"Ah, you've come here too, young man!" he said, smiling and
"Ah," said Holmes, "I think that what you have been good enough to tell us makes the matter fairly clear, and that I can deduce all that remains. Mr. Rucastle then, I presume, took to this system of imprisonment?"
"Ah... a wonderful, a matchless people!" said Kutuzov; and he closed
"Alas!" replied our visitor, "the very horror of my situation lies in the fact that my fears are so vague, and my suspicions depend so entirely upon small points, which might seem trivial to another, that even he to whom of all others I have a right to look for help and advice looks upon all that I tell him about it as the fancies of a nervous woman. He does not say so, but I can read it from his soothing answers and averted eyes. But I have heard, Mr. Holmes, that you can see deeply into the manifold wickedness of the human heart. You may advise me how to walk amid the dangers which encompass me."
"Alice is her name. She is an American and came from California with her."
"Aline," he said to his wife, "go and see what they are about."
"All is over," he thought, and a cold sweat broke out on his
"All right, all right!" he said to Prince Andrew, and turned to a
"All right, all right," interrupted the prince, and laughing his
"All right," said Jones with a stare and a snigger. "Well, would you please, sir, march upstairs, where we can get a cab to carry your Highness to the police-station?"
"All right. Let Monsieur de Beausset enter, and Fabvier too," he
"All take glasses; you too, Balaga. Well, comrades and friends of my
"All the same, I love and value nothing but triumph over them all, I
"All this had to be and could not be otherwise," thought Pierre, "so
"Am I spoiled for Andrew's love or not?" she asked herself, and with
"Am I to let the troops have the oats, and to take a receipt for
"Anatole used to come to borrow money from her and used to kiss
"And I am for north," said I, "because there are no hills there, and our friend says that he did not notice the carriage go up any."
"And I know that this is our last meeting!" He sighed deeply and
"And I love her, because her character is sensible and very good.
"And I might have been in his place!" thought Rostov, and hardly
"And I you," Holmes answered. "Your red-headed idea was very new and effective."
"And also with the result of causing it to turn upon its master at the other side. Some of the blows of my cane came home and roused its snakish temper, so that it flew upon the first person it saw. In this way I am no doubt indirectly responsible for Dr. Grimesby Roylott's death, and I cannot say that it is likely to weigh very heavily upon my conscience."
"And an exceedingly interesting case it appears to be. I would not have missed it for worlds. But there is a ring at the bell, Watson, and as the clock makes it a few minutes after four, I have no doubt that this will prove to be our noble client. Do not dream of going, Watson, for I very much prefer having a witness, if only as a check to my own memory."
"And at your age what secrets can there be between Natasha and
"And did you really see and speak to Napoleon, as we have been
"And how can Sonya love Nicholas so calmly and quietly and wait so
"And in this way he managed that your good man should have no want of drink, and that a ladder should be ready at the moment when your master had gone out."
"And it did, though they hardly found upon the mud-bank what they had feared to find. It was Neville St. Clair's coat, and not Neville St. Clair, which lay uncovered as the tide receded. And what do you think they found in the pockets?"
"And let him know that I will do so!" said Napoleon, rising and
"And love of one's neighbor, and self-sacrifice?" began Pierre. "No,
"And now I have a very strange experience to tell you. I had, as you know, cut off my hair in London, and I had placed it in a great coil at the bottom of my trunk. One evening, after the child was in bed, I began to amuse myself by examining the furniture of my room and by rearranging my own little things. There was an old chest of drawers in the room, the two upper ones empty and open, the lower one locked. I had filled the first two with my linen, and as I had still much to pack away I was naturally annoyed at not having the use of the third drawer. It struck me that it might have been fastened by a mere oversight, so I took out my bunch of keys and tried to open it. The very first key fitted to perfection, and I drew the drawer open. There was only one thing in it, but I am sure that you would never guess what it was. It was my coil of hair.
"And now I will show you what is really a very interesting study, Mr. Windibank," Holmes continued. "I think of writing another little monograph some of these days on the typewriter and its relation to crime. It is a subject to which I have devoted some little attention. I have here four letters which purport to come from the missing man. They are all typewritten. In each case, not only are the 'e's' slurred and the 'r's' tailless, but you will observe, if you care to use my magnifying lens, that the fourteen other characteristics to which I have alluded are there as well."
"And now there is only she to be described. She is my niece; but when my brother died five years ago and left her alone in the world I adopted her, and have looked upon her ever since as my daughter. She is a sunbeam in my house--sweet, loving, beautiful, a wonderful manager and housekeeper, yet as tender and quiet and gentle as a woman could be. She is my right hand. I do not know what I could do without her. In only one matter has she ever gone against my wishes. Twice my boy has asked her to marry him, for he loves her devotedly, but each time she has refused him. I think that if anyone could have drawn him into the right path it would have been she, and that his marriage might have changed his whole life; but now, alas! it is too late--forever too late!
"And that was why she shrieked and fainted when she saw the coronet," cried Mr. Holder. "Oh, my God! what a blind fool I have been! And his asking to be allowed to go out for five minutes! The dear fellow wanted to see if the missing piece were at the scene of the struggle. How cruelly I have misjudged him!"
"And then so, do you see?" and he pushed Anatole's head forward to
"And then suddenly in the silence I heard a sound which sent my heart into my mouth. It was the clank of the levers and the swish of the leaking cylinder. He had set the engine at work. The lamp still stood upon the floor where I had placed it when examining the trough. By its light I saw that the black ceiling was coming down upon me, slowly, jerkily, but, as none knew better than myself, with a force which must within a minute grind me to a shapeless pulp. I threw myself, screaming, against the door, and dragged with my nails at the lock. I implored the colonel to let me out, but the remorseless clanking of the levers drowned my cries. The ceiling was only a foot or two above my head, and with my hand upraised I could feel its hard, rough surface. Then it flashed through my mind that the pain of my death would depend very much upon the position in which I met it. If I lay on my face the weight would come upon my spine, and I shuddered to think of that dreadful snap. Easier the other way, perhaps; and yet, 

"And who could it be who was her confederate? A lover evidently, for who else could outweigh the love and gratitude which she must feel to you? I knew that you went out little, and that your circle of friends was a very limited one. But among them was Sir George Burnwell. I had heard of him before as being a man of evil reputation among women. It must have been he who wore those boots and retained the missing gems. Even though he knew that Arthur had discovered him, he might still flatter himself that he was safe, for the lad could not say a word without compromising his own family.
"And will she soon be confined?" and shaking his head
"And with such fine fellows to retreat and retreat! Well, good-by,
"And yet I am not convinced of it," I answered. "The cases which come to light in the papers are, as a rule, bald enough, and vulgar enough. We have in our police reports realism pushed to its extreme limits, and yet the result is, it must be confessed, neither fascinating nor artistic."
"And yet I question, sir, whether, in all your experience, you have ever listened to a more mysterious and inexplicable chain of events than those which have happened in my own family."
"And you did very wisely," said Holmes. "Your case is an exceedingly remarkable one, and I shall be happy to look into it. From what you have told me I think that it is possible that graver issues hang from it than might at first sight appear."
"And you may expect us early in the afternoon. I have myself some small business matters to attend to. Will you not wait and breakfast?"
"And, indeed, I could not wonder that such a man as Sir George Burnwell should gain an influence over him, for he has frequently brought him to my house, and I have found myself that I could hardly resist the fascination of his manner. He is older than Arthur, a man of the world to his finger-tips, one who had been everywhere, seen everything, a brilliant talker, and a man of great personal beauty. Yet when I think of him in cold blood, far away from the glamour of his presence, I am convinced from his cynical speech and the look which I have caught in his eyes that he is one who should be deeply distrusted. So I think, and so, too, thinks my little Mary, who has a woman's quick insight into character.
"Andrew, I bless you with this icon and you must promise me you will
"Andrew, already!" said the little princess, turning pale and
"Andrew, if you had faith you would have turned to God and asked Him
"Angel! Dear one! Hurrah! Father!..." cried the crowd, and Petya
"Anisya, go and see if the strings of my guitar are all right. I
"Anybody can shove," said the footman, and also began working his
"Anyhow, I'm in your way," he said in a low tone. "Come and talk
"Arakcheev and Golitsyn," incautiously remarked Pierre, "are now the
"Are they not fresh and beautiful?" I cried with all the enthusiasm of a man fresh from the fogs of Baker Street.
"Are you mad? You have twice been ordered to retreat, and you..."
"Are you, indeed, now?" cried Lestrade with some bitterness. "I am afraid, Holmes, that you are not very practical with your deductions and your inferences. You have made two blunders in as many minutes. This dress does implicate Miss Flora Millar."
"Arinka! Look, she sits sideways! There she sits and her skirt
"Arthur does. Mary and I stay at home. We neither of us care for it."
"As I grew richer I grew more ambitious, took a house in the country, and eventually married, without anyone having a suspicion as to my real occupation. My dear wife knew that I had business in the City. She little knew what.
"As I see it you were quite right, and I told Natasha so. Pierre
"As I was saying to you, Andrew, be kind and generous as you
"As it happens, he spoke of coming into town to-day upon some most important business. It is probable that he will be away all day, and that there would be nothing to disturb you. We have a housekeeper now, but she is old and foolish, and I could easily get her out of the way."
"As it is, she is Queen, and her word is law!"
"As long as she was on the scene he could not take any action without a horrible exposure of the woman whom he loved. But the instant that she was gone he realised how crushing a misfortune this would be for you, and how all-important it was to set it right. He rushed down, just as he was, in his bare feet, opened the window, sprang out into the snow, and ran down the lane, where he could see a dark figure in the moonlight. Sir George Burnwell tried to get away, but Arthur caught him, and there was a struggle between them, your lad tugging at one side of the coronet, and his opponent at the other. In the scuffle, your son struck Sir George and cut him over the eye. Then something suddenly snapped, and your son, finding that he had the coronet in his hands, rushed back, closed the window, ascended to your room, and had just observed that the coronet had been twisted in the struggle and was endeavouring to straighten it when you appeared upon the scene."
"As she spoke a light sprang into view at the further end of the passage, and I saw the lean figure of Colonel Lysander Stark rushing forward with a lantern in one hand and a weapon like a butcher's cleaver in the other. I rushed across the bedroom, flung open the window, and looked out. How quiet and sweet and wholesome the garden looked in the moonlight, and it could not be more than thirty feet down. I clambered out upon the sill, but I hesitated to jump until I should have heard what passed between my saviour and the ruffian who pursued me. If she were ill-used, then at any risks I was determined to go back to her assistance. The thought had hardly flashed through my mind before he was at the door, pushing his way past her; but she threw her arms round him and tried to hold him back.
"As the enemy's left wing rests on wooded hills and his right
"As you both locked your doors at night, your rooms were unapproachable from that side. Now, would you have the kindness to go into your room and bar your shutters?"
"Ask him to wait," and the sound was heard of a chair being pushed
"At Reading I had to change not only my carriage but my station. However, I was in time for the last train to Eyford, and I reached the little dim-lit station after eleven o'clock. I was the only passenger who got out there, and there was no one upon the platform save a single sleepy porter with a lantern. As I passed out through the wicket gate, however, I found my acquaintance of the morning waiting in the shadow upon the other side. Without a word he grasped my arm and hurried me into a carriage, the door of which was standing open. He drew up the windows on either side, tapped on the wood-work, and away we went as fast as the horse could go."
"At eight in the morning. She will not be up, so that we shall have a clear field. Besides, we must be prompt, for this marriage may mean a complete change in her life and habits. I must wire to the King without delay."
"At the same time," he remarked after a pause, during which he had sat puffing at his long pipe and gazing down into the fire, "you can hardly be open to a charge of sensationalism, for out of these cases which you have been so kind as to interest yourself in, a fair proportion do not treat of crime, in its legal sense, at all. The small matter in which I endeavoured to help the King of Bohemia, the singular experience of Miss Mary Sutherland, the problem connected with the man with the twisted lip, and the incident of the noble bachelor, were all matters which are outside the pale of the law. But in avoiding the sensational, I fear that you may have bordered on the trivial."
"Away they went, and I was just wondering whether I should not do well to follow them when up the lane came a neat little landau, the coachman with his coat only half-buttoned, and his tie under his ear, while all the tags of his harness were sticking out of the buckles. It hadn't pulled up before she shot out of the hall door and into it. I only caught a glimpse of her at the moment, but she was a lovely woman, with a face that a man might die for.
"Away we went then, and we drove for at least an hour. Colonel Lysander Stark had said that it was only seven miles, but I should think, from the rate that we seemed to go, and from the time that we took, that it must have been nearer twelve. He sat at my side in silence all the time, and I was aware, more than once when I glanced in his direction, that he was looking at me with great intensity. The country roads seem to be not very good in that part of the world, for we lurched and jolted terribly. I tried to look out of the windows to see something of where we were, but they were made of frosted glass, and I could make out nothing save the occasional bright blur of a passing light. Now and then I hazarded some remark to break the monotony of the journey, but the colonel answered only in monosyllables, and the conversation soon flagged. At last, however, the bumping of the road was exchanged for the crisp smoothness of a gravel-drive, and the carriage came to a stand. Colonel Lysander Stark sprang out, and,

"Awfully angry!" he said, smiling and getting up. And smoothing
"Ay, bodies, Watson. We should be rich men if we had $1000 for every poor devil who has been done to death in that den. It is the vilest murder-trap on the whole riverside, and I fear that Neville St. Clair has entered it never to leave it more. But our trap should be here." He put his two forefingers between his teeth and whistled shrilly--a signal which was answered by a similar whistle from the distance, followed shortly by the rattle of wheels and the clink of horses' hoofs.
"Bah! How they scurry. He just sends a ball and they think they'll
"Beat him!... Let the traitor perish and not disgrace the Russian
"Because there are many inquiries which must be made out here. Mrs. St. Clair has most kindly put two rooms at my disposal, and you may rest assured that she will have nothing but a welcome for my friend and colleague. I hate to meet her, Watson, when I have no news of her husband. Here we are. Whoa, there, whoa!"
"Before Moscow!" repeated Napoleon, and inviting M. de Beausset, who
"Before me? No! All is over for me," she replied with shame and
"Better close the front door," cried Holmes, and we all rushed down the stairs together. We had hardly reached the hall when we heard the baying of a hound, and then a scream of agony, with a horrible worrying sound which it was dreadful to listen to. An elderly man with a red face and shaking limbs came staggering out at a side door.
"Bezukhov est ridicule, but he is so kind and good-natured. What
"Bonjour, la compagnie!"* said he gaily, smiling and looking about
"Bonjour, messieurs!"* said Dolokhov loudly and clearly.
"Boris doesn't want to help me and I don't want to ask him. That's
"Boris, come here," said she with a sly and significant look. "I
"Both true and untrue," Pierre began; but Prince Andrew
"But I am so sure that he is innocent. You know what woman's instincts are. I know that he has done no harm and that you will be sorry for having acted so harshly."
"But I am somewhat headstrong by nature, and the more ready to engage in an affair when there is some obstacle in the way. I thought of my fifty-guinea fee, of my wearisome journey, and of the unpleasant night which seemed to be before me. Was it all to go for nothing? Why should I slink away without having carried out my commission, and without the payment which was my due? This woman might, for all I knew, be a monomaniac. With a stout bearing, therefore, though her manner had shaken me more than I cared to confess, I still shook my head and declared my intention of remaining where I was. She was about to renew her entreaties when a door slammed overhead, and the sound of several footsteps was heard upon the stairs. She listened for an instant, threw up her hands with a despairing gesture, and vanished as suddenly and as noiselessly as she had come.
"But Mr. Fowler being a persevering man, as a good seaman should be, blockaded the house, and having met you succeeded by certain arguments, metallic or otherwise, in convincing you that your interests were the same as his."
"But a large number of monasteries and churches is always a sign
"But a terrible change came over our stepfather about this time. Instead of making friends and exchanging visits with our neighbours, who had at first been overjoyed to see a Roylott of Stoke Moran back in the old family seat, he shut himself up in his house and seldom came out save to indulge in ferocious quarrels with whoever might cross his path. Violence of temper approaching to mania has been hereditary in the men of the family, and in my stepfather's case it had, I believe, been intensified by his long residence in the tropics. A series of disgraceful brawls took place, two of which ended in the police-court, until at last he became the terror of the village, and the folks would fly at his approach, for he is a man of immense strength, and absolutely uncontrollable in his anger.
"But between not recognizing him as Emperor and calling him
"But death and suffering?" suggested another voice. Prince Andrew,
"But for you and me, old fellow, it's time to drop these amenities,"
"But he's sucked our blood and now he thinks he's quit of us. He's
"But here was a fairy forest with black moving shadows, and a
"But it is profoundly true. Singularity is almost invariably a clue. The more featureless and commonplace a crime is, the more difficult it is to bring it home. In this case, however, they have established a very serious case against the son of the murdered man."
"But perhaps that's my shirt on the table," he thought, "and
"But that is my conviction, and judging by the last letter with
"But the reason is very obvious. The pressure of public opinion can do in the town what the law cannot accomplish. There is no lane so vile that the scream of a tortured child, or the thud of a drunkard's blow, does not beget sympathy and indignation among the neighbours, and then the whole machinery of justice is ever so close that a word of complaint can set it going, and there is but a step between the crime and the dock. But look at these lonely houses, each in its own fields, filled for the most part with poor ignorant folk who know little of the law. Think of the deeds of hellish cruelty, the hidden wickedness which may go on, year in, year out, in such places, and none the wiser. Had this lady who appeals to us for help gone to live in Winchester, I should never have had a fear for her. It is the five miles of country which makes the danger. Still, it is clear that she is not personally threatened."
"But they heard him at the council of war and will hear him when
"But they listened to my story with a smile. I am convinced that the inspector has formed the opinion that the letters are all practical jokes, and that the deaths of my relations were really accidents, as the jury stated, and were not to be connected with the warnings."
"But why go to Petersburg?" Natasha suddenly asked, and hastily
"But, surely, it was obvious. I was then much surprised and interested on glancing down to observe that, though the boots which she was wearing were not unlike each other, they were really odd ones; the one having a slightly decorated toe-cap, and the other a plain one. One was buttoned only in the two lower buttons out of five, and the other at the first, third, and fifth. Now, when you see that a young lady, otherwise neatly dressed, has come away from home with odd boots, half-buttoned, it is no great deduction to say that she came away in a hurry."
"By purifying and regenerating our members we try, thirdly, to
"By the select prices. Eight shillings for a bed and eightpence for a glass of sherry pointed to one of the most expensive hotels. There are not many in London which charge at that rate. In the second one which I visited in Northumberland Avenue, I learned by an inspection of the book that Francis H. Moulton, an American gentleman, had left only the day before, and on looking over the entries against him, I came upon the very items which I had seen in the duplicate bill. His letters were to be forwarded to 226 Gordon Square; so thither I travelled, and being fortunate enough to find the loving couple at home, I ventured to give them some paternal advice and to point out to them that it would be better in every way that they should make their position a little clearer both to the general public and to Lord St. Simon in particular. I invited them to meet him here, and, as you see, I made him keep the appointment."
"By this time the whole house was astir, for I had raised my voice in my anger. Mary was the first to rush into my room, and, at the sight of the coronet and of Arthur's face, she read the whole story and, with a scream, fell down senseless on the ground. I sent the house-maid for the police and put the investigation into their hands at once. When the inspector and a constable entered the house, Arthur, who had stood sullenly with his arms folded, asked me whether it was my intention to charge him with theft. I answered that it had ceased to be a private matter, but had become a public one, since the ruined coronet was national property. I was determined that the law should have its way in everything.
"C'est un superbe animal."* Her success as a beautiful and elegant
"Calm yourself, my dear. I will go to my father," she said, and went
"Can it or can it not be?" he now thought as he looked at her and
"Capital!" said Prince Hippolyte in English, and began slapping
"Captain, there is soup and a leg of mutton in the kitchen," said
"Certainly, sir," said Baker, who had risen and tucked his newly gained property under his arm. "There are a few of us who frequent the Alpha Inn, near the Museum--we are to be found in the Museum itself during the day, you understand. This year our good host, Windigate by name, instituted a goose club, by which, on consideration of some few pence every week, we were each to receive a bird at Christmas. My pence were duly paid, and the rest is familiar to you. I am much indebted to you, sir, for a Scotch bonnet is fitted neither to my years nor my gravity." With a comical pomposity of manner he bowed solemnly to both of us and strode off upon his way.
"Certainly," said Holmes, stepping over and turning the key in the door. "I let you know, then, that I have caught him!"
"Christ be with you!" Kutuzov repeated and went toward his carriage.
"Circumstantial evidence is a very tricky thing," answered Holmes thoughtfully. "It may seem to point very straight to one thing, but if you shift your own point of view a little, you may find it pointing in an equally uncompromising manner to something entirely different. It must be confessed, however, that the case looks exceedingly grave against the young man, and it is very possible that he is indeed the culprit. There are several people in the neighbourhood, however, and among them Miss Turner, the daughter of the neighbouring landowner, who believe in his innocence, and who have retained Lestrade, whom you may recollect in connection with the Study in Scarlet, to work out the case in his interest. Lestrade, being rather puzzled, has referred the case to me, and hence it is that two middle-aged gentlemen are flying westward at fifty miles an hour instead of quietly digesting their breakfasts at home."
"Clear that away!" said the officer, pointing to the beams and the
"Come along then! Come along then!" the publican and the tall
"Come along with me to our knoll. We can get a view from there and
"Come and eat something. Have a drink!" Dolokhov shouted to him from
"Come here," said Rostov, catching hold of Telyanin's arm and almost
"Come, and you'll see for yourself."
"Come, go in there and drive them out!" shouted the senior officer.
"Compassion, love of our brothers, for those who love us and for
"Confound you and your Karl Ivanich!" He took the glass with the
"Convinced that something was amiss with him, she rushed down the steps--for the house was none other than the opium den in which you found me to-night--and running through the front room she attempted to ascend the stairs which led to the first floor. At the foot of the stairs, however, she met this Lascar scoundrel of whom I have spoken, who thrust her back and, aided by a Dane, who acts as assistant there, pushed her out into the street. Filled with the most maddening doubts and fears, she rushed down the lane and, by rare good-fortune, met in Fresno Street a number of constables with an inspector, all on their way to their beat. The inspector and two men accompanied her back, and in spite of the continued resistance of the proprietor, they made their way to the room in which Mr. St. Clair had last been seen. There was no sign of him there. In fact, in the whole of that floor there was no one to be found save a crippled wretch of hideous aspect, who, it seems, made his home there. Both he and the Lascar s

"Count Lichtenfels was here this morning," Bilibin continued, "and
"Count, is it wrong of me to sing?" she said blushing, and fixing
"Countess..." said Denisov, with downcast eyes and a guilty face. He
"Daniel, tell them to saddle for us, and Michael must come with my
"Dark enough and sinister enough."
"Darkness and gloom," reiterated Pierre: "yes, yes, I understand
"Dear Brothers," he began, blushing and stammering, with a written
"Dear princess, I beg and implore you, have some pity on him! Je
"Dearest... and me!"
"Devil take all these peasants, and money matters, and carryings
"Devil take them!" he muttered, and after listening to the verbal
"Do just come and see what a moon!... Oh, how lovely! Come
"Do not go asleep; your very life may depend upon it. Have your pistol ready in case we should need it. I will sit on the side of the bed, and you in that chair."
"Do not lose an instant. And, above all, take care of yourself in the meanwhile, for I do not think that there can be a doubt that you are threatened by a very real and imminent danger. How do you go back?"
"Do not think of revenge, or anything of the sort, at present. I think that we may gain that by means of the law; but we have our web to weave, while theirs is already woven. The first consideration is to remove the pressing danger which threatens you. The second is to clear up the mystery and to punish the guilty parties."
"Do order them to form into battalion columns and go round the
"Do you know, Watson," said he, "that it is one of the curses of a mind with a turn like mine that I must look at everything with reference to my own special subject. You look at these scattered houses, and you are impressed by their beauty. I look at them, and the only thought which comes to me is a feeling of their isolation and of the impunity with which crime may be committed there."
"Do you take vodka, Count?" asked Princess Mary, and those words
"Don't dare to think about it," she said to herself, and sat down
"Don't say it! I can't bear it!" Natasha cried, and her eyes
"Don't say such things to me. I am betrothed and love another,"
"Don't say that to me! I want nothing. I love you as a brother and
"Don't talk Russian," said Dolokhov in a hurried whisper, and at
"Don't talk rubbish..." said Prince Andrew, smiling and looking into
"Don't tease! Well, and what has been decided about Novosiltsev's
"Don't touch him! You'll startle him and then he'll be killed.
"Don't you like it?" said a laughing voice, and moderating their
"Don't you want to? Well, then, come here," said she, and went
"Done for!" he said with a frown, and went to the gate to meet
"Drain the blood from men's veins and put in water instead, then
"Dram-da-da-dam, dam-dam..." rattled the drums, and Pierre
"Dronushka, Alpatych has gone off somewhere and I have no one to
"Dunyasha," she whispered. "Dunyasha!" she screamed wildly, and
"Eh, sir, this is no place for you," said he, and ran down the
"Eh? What of it, then? Has it returned to life and flapped off through the kitchen window?" Holmes twisted himself round upon the sofa to get a fairer view of the man's excited face.
"Eight weeks passed away like this, and I had written about Abbots and Archery and Armour and Architecture and Attica, and hoped with diligence that I might get on to the B's before very long. It cost me something in foolscap, and I had pretty nearly filled a shelf with my writings. And then suddenly the whole business came to an end."
"Enough! What nonsense! Above all, try to be respectful and cautious
"Excellent! We shall then look thoroughly into the affair. Of course there is only one feasible explanation. You have been brought there to personate someone, and the real person is imprisoned in this chamber. That is obvious. As to who this prisoner is, I have no doubt that it is the daughter, Miss Alice Rucastle, if I remember right, who was said to have gone to America. You were chosen, doubtless, as resembling her in height, figure, and the colour of your hair. Hers had been cut off, very possibly in some illness through which she has passed, and so, of course, yours had to be sacrificed also. By a curious chance you came upon her tresses. The man in the road was undoubtedly some friend of hers--possibly her fiance--and no doubt, as you wore the girl's dress and were so like her, he was convinced from your laughter, whenever he saw you, and afterwards from your gesture, that Miss Rucastle was perfectly happy, and that she no longer desired his attentions. The dog is let loose at night to prevent him from

"Excellent. We have already a clue. There can be no doubt that the probability--the strong probability--is that the writer was on board of a ship. And now let us consider another point. In the case of Pondicherry, seven weeks elapsed between the threat and its fulfilment, in Dundee it was only some three or four days. Does that suggest anything?"
"Excuse me, I know everything of it. You are endeavouring to trace some geese which were sold by Mrs. Oakshott, of Brixton Road, to a salesman named Breckinridge, by him in turn to Mr. Windigate, of the Alpha, and by him to his club, of which Mr. Henry Baker is a member."
"Excuse my coming to you, cousin," she said in a reproachful and
"Fancy his having the insolence to confound me with the official detective force! This incident gives zest to our investigation, however, and I only trust that our little friend will not suffer from her imprudence in allowing this brute to trace her. And now, Watson, we shall order breakfast, and afterwards I shall walk down to Doctors' Commons, where I hope to get some data which may help us in this matter."
"Fancy the Emperor's position!" said they, and instead of
"Farewell, then," said the old man solemnly. "Your own deathbeds, when they come, will be the easier for the thought of the peace which you have given to mine." Tottering and shaking in all his giant frame, he stumbled slowly from the room.
"Father, I did not want to judge," said Prince Andrew, in a hard and
"Fine young fellow! Fine young fellow!" he said. "Well, come and
"Fire!" repeated the officer once more, and the reports of a musket
"Flesh, bodies, cannon fodder!" he thought, and he looked at his own
"For caustique--I am guilty and will pay, and I am prepared to pay
"For not dilly-dallying and not hanging to a woman's apron
"For the dissemination of pure truth and to secure the triumph of
"For the peace that is from above, and for the salvation of our
"For the world of angels and all the spirits who dwell above us,"
"For tomorrow!" said he, quickly finding the page and making a
"For two days after my arrival at the Copper Beeches my life was very quiet; on the third, Mrs. Rucastle came down just after breakfast and whispered something to her husband.
"Forgive me!" he said. "But you are so young, and I have already
"Forgive me!" she whispered, raising her head and glancing at him.
"Four hundred, sir, and they're always sending me fresh ones. There
"From Dokhturov and from Alexey Petrovich. Napoleon is at Forminsk,"
"From Hatherley Farmhouse to the Boscombe Pool is a quarter of a mile, and two people saw him as he passed over this ground. One was an old woman, whose name is not mentioned, and the other was William Crowder, a game-keeper in the employ of Mr. Turner. Both these witnesses depose that Mr. McCarthy was walking alone. The game-keeper adds that within a few minutes of his seeing Mr. McCarthy pass he had seen his son, Mr. James McCarthy, going the same way with a gun under his arm. To the best of his belief, the father was actually in sight at the time, and the son was following him. He thought no more of the matter until he heard in the evening of the tragedy that had occurred.
"From the first, two facts were very obvious to me, the one that the lady had been quite willing to undergo the wedding ceremony, the other that she had repented of it within a few minutes of returning home. Obviously something had occurred during the morning, then, to cause her to change her mind. What could that something be? She could not have spoken to anyone when she was out, for she had been in the company of the bridegroom. Had she seen someone, then? If she had, it must be someone from America because she had spent so short a time in this country that she could hardly have allowed anyone to acquire so deep an influence over her that the mere sight of him would induce her to change her plans so completely. You see we have already arrived, by a process of exclusion, at the idea that she might have seen an American. Then who could this American be, and why should he possess so much influence over her? It might be a lover; it might be a husband. Her young womanhood had, I knew, been spent in rough scenes

"From what I have heard," said Pierre, blushing and breaking into
"General Kutuzov," said Bolkonski, speaking French and stressing the
"Get back into your chair!" said Holmes sternly. "It is very well to cringe and crawl now, but you thought little enough of this poor Horner in the dock for a crime of which he knew nothing."
"Get him to his place and give him some water," said Rostov,
"Get in," said Kutuzov, and noticing that Bolkonski still delayed,
"Give me a pencil and that slip of paper. Now, then: 'Found at the corner of Goodge Street, a goose and a black felt hat. Mr. Henry Baker can have the same by applying at 6:30 this evening at 221B, Baker Street.' That is clear and concise."
"Give me your coat and umbrella," said Holmes. "They may rest here on the hook and will be dry presently. You have come up from the south-west, I see."
"Go and choose Denisov. He is a real dancer, a wonder!" he said.
"Go and get it for me," said the old prince to Mademoiselle
"Go away! Go away! You all hate and despise me!" and she threw
"Go away..." exclaimed Napoleon suddenly and morosely, and turned
"Go to the devil! quick ma'ch, while you're safe and sound!" and
"Go to the devil!" cried Anatole and, clutching his hair, left the
"Go your way and God be with you. I know your path is the path of
"Go! Go! Killed in battle, where the best of Russian men and
"Go!" he repeated, amazed at himself and glad to see the look of
"Go, my dear fellow, and see whether the third division has passed
"Go, my dear fellow, go... and Christ be with you!" Kutuzov was
"Go, my dear fellow," he said to Ermolov, "and see whether something
"Go," he said, nodding his head to Alpatych, and began questioning
"God bless you! You are doing what you can for him and for me. But it is too heavy a task. What was he doing there at all? If his purpose were innocent, why did he not say so?"
"God grant only that Prince Kutuzov assumes real power and does
"God have mercy.... It's windy and dry..." said another voice.
"God help us!" said Holmes after a long silence. "Why does fate play such tricks with poor, helpless worms? I never hear of such a case as this that I do not think of Baxter's words, and say, 'There, but for the grace of God, goes Sherlock Holmes.' "
"God is in the midst, and each drop tries to expand so as to reflect
"God knows I have!--a trouble which is enough to unseat my reason, so sudden and so terrible is it. Public disgrace I might have faced, although I am a man whose character has never yet borne a stain. Private affliction also is the lot of every man; but the two coming together, and in so frightful a form, have been enough to shake my very soul. Besides, it is not I alone. The very noblest in the land may suffer unless some way be found out of this horrible affair."
"God of our fathers! Remember Thy bounteous mercy and
"Gone? That's all right!" said he; and looking angrily at the
"Good day, your honor!" he shouted, rolling his eyes at Rostov and
"Good heavens! I thought it was Wednesday. It is Wednesday. What d'you want to frighten a chap for?" He sank his face onto his arms and began to sob in a high treble key.
"Good morning, lads!" said the count briskly and loudly. "Thank
"Good news!... Go on!" he shouted to the driver, and they galloped
"Good night, Lise," said he, rising and courteously kissing her hand
"Good!" said Murat and, turning to one of the gentlemen in his
"Good-by!" he said and turned with his groom toward the inn.
"Good-by, Andrew! Remember that misfortunes come from God, and men
"Good-day, Lord St. Simon," said Holmes, rising and bowing. "Pray take the basket-chair. This is my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson. Draw up a little to the fire, and we will talk this matter over."
"Good-morning, madam," said Holmes cheerily. "My name is Sherlock Holmes. This is my intimate friend and associate, Dr. Watson, before whom you can speak as freely as before myself. Ha! I am glad to see that Mrs. Hudson has had the good sense to light the fire. Pray draw up to it, and I shall order you a cup of hot coffee, for I observe that you are shivering."
"Ha ha ha! The theater of war!" said the prince. "I have said and
"Ha! Our party is complete," said Holmes, buttoning up his pea-jacket and taking his heavy hunting crop from the rack. "Watson, I think you know Mr. Jones, of Scotland Yard? Let me introduce you to Mr. Merryweather, who is to be our companion in to-night's adventure."
"Ha! You put me off, do you?" said our new visitor, taking a step forward and shaking his hunting-crop. "I know you, you scoundrel! I have heard of you before. You are Holmes, the meddler."
"Ha! this may save us a visit to Brixton Road," whispered Holmes. "Come with me, and we will see what is to be made of this fellow." Striding through the scattered knots of people who lounged round the flaring stalls, my companion speedily overtook the little man and touched him upon the shoulder. He sprang round, and I could see in the gas-light that every vestige of colour had been driven from his face.
"Had there been women in the house, I should have suspected a mere vulgar intrigue. That, however, was out of the question. The man's business was a small one, and there was nothing in his house which could account for such elaborate preparations, and such an expenditure as they were at. It must, then, be something out of the house. What could it be? I thought of the assistant's fondness for photography, and his trick of vanishing into the cellar. The cellar! There was the end of this tangled clue. Then I made inquiries as to this mysterious assistant and found that I had to deal with one of the coolest and most daring criminals in London. He was doing something in the cellar--something which took many hours a day for months on end. What could it be, once more? I could think of nothing save that he was running a tunnel to some other building.
"Half dazed, I went into the station and asked about the morning train. There would be one to Reading in less than an hour. The same porter was on duty, I found, as had been there when I arrived. I inquired of him whether he had ever heard of Colonel Lysander Stark. The name was strange to him. Had he observed a carriage the night before waiting for me? No, he had not. Was there a police-station anywhere near? There was one about three miles off.
"Hard as it may be, I'll tell them all to hold their tongues and
"Have some brought from the reserve," said Napoleon, and having gone
"Have the biscuits and rice been served out to the regiments of
"Have you never--" said Sherlock Holmes, bending forward and sinking his voice--"have you never heard of the Ku Klux Klan?"
"Having once spotted my man, it was easy to get corroboration. I knew the firm for which this man worked. Having taken the printed description. I eliminated everything from it which could be the result of a disguise--the whiskers, the glasses, the voice, and I sent it to the firm, with a request that they would inform me whether it answered to the description of any of their travellers. I had already noticed the peculiarities of the typewriter, and I wrote to the man himself at his business address asking him if he would come here. As I expected, his reply was typewritten and revealed the same trivial but characteristic defects. The same post brought me a letter from Westhouse & Marbank, of Fenchurch Street, to say that the description tallied in every respect with that of their employe, James Windibank. Voila tout!"
"He always was rather harsh; and now I should think he's getting
"He brought round both hat and goose to me on Christmas morning, knowing that even the smallest problems are of interest to me. The goose we retained until this morning, when there were signs that, in spite of the slight frost, it would be well that it should be eaten without unnecessary delay. Its finder has carried it off, therefore, to fulfil the ultimate destiny of a goose, while I continue to retain the hat of the unknown gentleman who lost his Christmas dinner."
"He certainly needs a wash," remarked Holmes. "I had an idea that he might, and I took the liberty of bringing the tools with me." He opened the Gladstone bag as he spoke, and took out, to my astonishment, a very large bath-sponge.
"He did," replied Shinshin. "He was in the Caucasus and ran away
"He doesn't obey... I said it twice... and he doesn't obey! She is
"He had nothing on save only his trousers and shirt."
"He has been very unwell since the evening and this is the third
"He has betrayed his Tsar and his country, he had gone over to
"He has come back and done it. I tell you that he is a clever and dangerous man. I should not be very much surprised if this were he whose step I hear now upon the stair. I think, Watson, that it would be as well for you to have your pistol ready."
"He has, however, retained some degree of self-respect," he continued, disregarding my remonstrance. "He is a man who leads a sedentary life, goes out little, is out of training entirely, is middle-aged, has grizzled hair which he has had cut within the last few days, and which he anoints with lime-cream. These are the more patent facts which are to be deduced from his hat. Also, by the way, that it is extremely improbable that he has gas laid on in his house."
"He investigated the case with great care, for Dr. Roylott's conduct had long been notorious in the county, but he was unable to find any satisfactory cause of death. My evidence showed that the door had been fastened upon the inner side, and the windows were blocked by old-fashioned shutters with broad iron bars, which were secured every night. The walls were carefully sounded, and were shown to be quite solid all round, and the flooring was also thoroughly examined, with the same result. The chimney is wide, but is barred up by four large staples. It is certain, therefore, that my sister was quite alone when she met her end. Besides, there were no marks of any violence upon her."
"He is Minister of War, a man trusted by the Emperor, and I need not
"He is a cripple in the sense that he walks with a limp; but in other respects he appears to be a powerful and well-nurtured man. Surely your medical experience would tell you, Watson, that weakness in one limb is often compensated for by exceptional strength in the others."
"He is a nervous, bilious subject," said Larrey, "and will not
"He is a very, very nice, honest, and pleasant fellow," answered
"He is good and kind and I am fond of him!" he thought of Dessalles.
"He knows it already. When I had cleared it all up I had an interview with him, and finding that he would not tell me the story, I told it to him, on which he had to confess that I was right and to add the very few details which were not yet quite clear to me. Your news of this morning, however, may open his lips."
"He lets one win the singles and collahs it as soon as one doubles
"He looked surprised and, as it seemed to me, a little startled at my remark.
"He looked very hard at me as I spoke, and it seemed to me that I had never seen so suspicious and questioning an eye.
"He ought to have acted in this way and in that way. In this case he
"He says 'a woman,' and Mary Nikolievna is a lady," remarked a house
"He seems a very amiable person," said Holmes, laughing. "I am not quite so bulky, but if he had remained I might have shown him that my grip was not much more feeble than his own." As he spoke he picked up the steel poker and, with a sudden effort, straightened it out again.
"He shot one of his suspicious looks at me. 'Perhaps we had better proceed to business, then,' said he. 'Mr. Ferguson and I will take you up to see the machine.'
"He was a master... the peasants' affairs first and then his own. Of
"He was a very shy man, Mr. Holmes. He would rather walk with me in the evening than in the daylight, for he said that he hated to be conspicuous. Very retiring and gentlemanly he was. Even his voice was gentle. He'd had the quinsy and swollen glands when he was young, he told me, and it had left him with a weak throat, and a hesitating, whispering fashion of speech. He was always well dressed, very neat and plain, but his eyes were weak, just as mine are, and he wore tinted glasses against the glare."
"He was gray, you remember, and had white teeth, and stood and
"He was in the house about half an hour, and I could catch glimpses of him in the windows of the sitting-room, pacing up and down, talking excitedly, and waving his arms. Of her I could see nothing. Presently he emerged, looking even more flurried than before. As he stepped up to the cab, he pulled a gold watch from his pocket and looked at it earnestly, 'Drive like the devil,' he shouted, 'first to Gross & Hankey's in Regent Street, and then to the Church of St. Monica in the Edgeware Road. Half a guinea if you do it in twenty minutes!'
"He's a brave fellow," said a woman. "They would have had the lady's purse and watch if it hadn't been for him. They were a gang, and a rough one, too. Ah, he's breathing now."
"He's come!" she exclaimed as she ran past, and Denisov felt that he
"Health and happiness to her whose name day we are keeping and to
"Helene!" he said aloud and paused.
"Helene, I have a word to say to you," and he would lead her
"Helene, who has never cared for anything but her own body and is
"Her banker or her lawyer. There is that double possibility. But I am inclined to think neither. Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting. Why should she hand it over to anyone else? She could trust her own guardianship, but she could not tell what indirect or political influence might be brought to bear upon a business man. Besides, remember that she had resolved to use it within a few days. It must be where she can lay her hands upon it. It must be in her own house."
"Her father is very rich and stingy. He lives in the country. He
"Here are her letters and her portrait," said he.
"Here is a very fashionable epistle," I remarked as he entered. "Your morning letters, if I remember right, were from a fish-monger and a tide-waiter."
"Here is an advertisement which will interest you," said he. "It appeared in all the papers about a year ago. Listen to this: 'Lost, on the 9th inst., Mr. Jeremiah Hayling, aged twenty-six, a hydraulic engineer. Left his lodgings at ten o'clock at night, and has not been heard of since. Was dressed in,' etc., etc. Ha! That represents the last time that the colonel needed to have his machine overhauled, I fancy."
"Here is the first notice which I can find. It is in the personal column of the Morning Post, and dates, as you see, some weeks back: 'A marriage has been arranged,' it says, 'and will, if rumour is correct, very shortly take place, between Lord Robert St. Simon, second son of the Duke of Balmoral, and Miss Hatty Doran, the only daughter of Aloysius Doran. Esq., of San Francisco, Cal., U.S.A.' That is all."
"Here's to the health of lovely women, Peterkin--and their
"Here, here," and Tushin led him into the next room, from whence
"Here, take the child!" said Pierre peremptorily and hurriedly to
"Herself," came the answer in a rough voice, and Marya Dmitrievna
"His Majesty drew attention to the Grenadier division and to the
"His name is Vincent Spaulding, and he's not such a youth, either. It's hard to say his age. I should not wish a smarter assistant, Mr. Holmes; and I know very well that he could better himself and earn twice what I am able to give him. But, after all, if he is satisfied, why should I put ideas in his head?"
"His son, you see, had grown up, and so had my girl, and as I was known to be in weak health, it seemed a fine stroke to him that his lad should step into the whole property. But there I was firm. I would not have his cursed stock mixed with mine; not that I had any dislike to the lad, but his blood was in him, and that was enough. I stood firm. McCarthy threatened. I braved him to do his worst. We were to meet at the pool midway between our houses to talk it over.
"Hm..." said the count, and stopped.
"Holmes," I cried, "I seem to see dimly what you are hinting at. We are only just in time to prevent some subtle and horrible crime."
"Holmes," I said, "you have drawn a net round this man from which he cannot escape, and you have saved an innocent human life as truly as if you had cut the cord which was hanging him. I see the direction in which all this points. The culprit is--"
"Home!" said Pierre, and despite twenty-two degrees of frost
"Hotel Cosmopolitan Jewel Robbery. John Horner, 26, plumber, was brought up upon the charge of having upon the 22nd inst., abstracted from the jewel-case of the Countess of Morcar the valuable gem known as the blue carbuncle. James Ryder, upper-attendant at the hotel, gave his evidence to the effect that he had shown Horner up to the dressing-room of the Countess of Morcar upon the day of the robbery in order that he might solder the second bar of the grate, which was loose. He had remained with Horner some little time, but had finally been called away. On returning, he found that Horner had disappeared, that the bureau had been forced open, and that the small morocco casket in which, as it afterwards transpired, the Countess was accustomed to keep her jewel, was lying empty upon the dressing-table. Ryder instantly gave the alarm, and Horner was arrested the same evening; but the stone could not be found either upon his person or in his rooms. Catherine Cusack, maid to the Countess, deposed to having heard R

"How can one help it, lad? My name is Platon, and the surname is
"How do you say it?" the captain asked quickly and doubtfully.
"How funny you are!" he said, bending down to her and blushing still
"How good it would be!" and taking her hand he kissed it.
"How have you got here?" he said, and galloped on.
"How is the glass? Twenty-nine, I see. No wind, and not a cloud in the sky. I have a caseful of cigarettes here which need smoking, and the sofa is very much superior to the usual country hotel abomination. I do not think that it is probable that I shall use the carriage to-night."
"How long I remained unconscious I cannot tell. It must have been a very long time, for the moon had sunk, and a bright morning was breaking when I came to myself. My clothes were all sodden with dew, and my coat-sleeve was drenched with blood from my wounded thumb. The smarting of it recalled in an instant all the particulars of my night's adventure, and I sprang to my feet with the feeling that I might hardly yet be safe from my pursuers. But to my astonishment, when I came to look round me, neither house nor garden were to be seen. I had been lying in an angle of the hedge close by the highroad, and just a little lower down was a long building, which proved, upon my approaching it, to be the very station at which I had arrived upon the previous night. Were it not for the ugly wound upon my hand, all that had passed during those dreadful hours might have been an evil dream.
"How lovely!" said everyone who saw her; and the vicomte lifted
"How simple and clear it is," thought Pierre. "How is it I did not
"How sweet!" said Countess Mary, looking at and playing with the
"How! Not rec..." Kutuzov began, but checked himself immediately and
"How... how dare you!..." he shouted, choking and making a
"However, this is not at all interesting. Let us have dinner, and
"However, you're sleepy, and it's time for me to sleep. Go back to
"Hum! So much for the police-court," said Holmes thoughtfully, tossing aside the paper. "The question for us now to solve is the sequence of events leading from a rifled jewel-case at one end to the crop of a goose in Tottenham Court Road at the other. You see, Watson, our little deductions have suddenly assumed a much more important and less innocent aspect. Here is the stone; the stone came from the goose, and the goose came from Mr. Henry Baker, the gentleman with the bad hat and all the other characteristics with which I have bored you. So now we must set ourselves very seriously to finding this gentleman and ascertaining what part he has played in this little mystery. To do this, we must try the simplest means first, and these lie undoubtedly in an advertisement in all the evening papers. If this fail, I shall have recourse to other methods."
"Hum! We will talk about that. And now let us hear a true account of the next act. How came the stone into the goose, and how came the goose into the open market? Tell us the truth, for there lies your only hope of safety."
"Hurrah! hurrah! hurrah!" Petya stood on tiptoe and pushed and
"Hurrah!" shouted Prince Andrew, and, scarcely able to hold up the
"Hurrah!... Lads!... ours!" shouted Petya, and giving rein to his
"Hurrah--ah!--ah!" rang a long-drawn shout from our ranks, and
"Hurrah-ah-ah!" reverberated in the forest, and the Cossack
"Hush!" whispered the count and turned to Simon. "Have you seen
"I advertised for him in last Saturday's Chronicle," said she. "Here is the slip and here are four letters from him."
"I am Mr. Holmes," answered my companion, looking at her with a questioning and rather startled gaze.
"I am afraid so. I had brought a pack of cards in my pocket, and I thought that, as we were a partie carree, you might have your rubber after all. But I see that the enemy's preparations have gone so far that we cannot risk the presence of a light. And, first of all, we must choose our positions. These are daring men, and though we shall take them at a disadvantage, they may do us some harm unless we are careful. I shall stand behind this crate, and do you conceal yourselves behind those. Then, when I flash a light upon them, close in swiftly. If they fire, Watson, have no compunction about shooting them down."
"I am afraid," said Pierre, smiling, and wavering between the
"I am an admirer of Montesquieu," replied Prince Andrew, "and his
"I am expecting you, Pierre," said the same voice, but gently and
"I am immensely indebted to you. Pray tell me in what way I can reward you. This ring--" He slipped an emerald snake ring from his finger and held it out upon the palm of his hand.
"I am naturally observant, as you may have remarked, Mr. Holmes, and I soon had a pretty good plan of the whole house in my head. There was one wing, however, which appeared not to be inhabited at all. A door which faced that which led into the quarters of the Tollers opened into this suite, but it was invariably locked. One day, however, as I ascended the stair, I met Mr. Rucastle coming out through this door, his keys in his hand, and a look on his face which made him a very different person to the round, jovial man to whom I was accustomed. His cheeks were red, his brow was all crinkled with anger, and the veins stood out at his temples with passion. He locked the door and hurried past me without a word or a look.
"I am not afraid," answered Sonya's voice, and along the path toward
"I am not in the cavalry, Colonel, but I am a Russian general and if
"I am not talking about you," he said, "I don't know you and,
"I am not your 'dear sir,' Mr. Staff Officer, and you did not tell
"I am so enchanted by the brilliancy of the wit and culture of the
"I am sorry to knock you up so early, Doctor," said he, "but I have had a very serious accident during the night. I came in by train this morning, and on inquiring at Paddington as to where I might find a doctor, a worthy fellow very kindly escorted me here. I gave the maid a card, but I see that she has left it upon the side-table."
"I am speaking sincerely as a friend! Consider! Where and why are
"I am sure it is Pierre. I will go and see," said Countess Mary
"I am sure we owe you an apology, Mrs. Toller," said Holmes, "for you have certainly cleared up everything which puzzled us. And here comes the country surgeon and Mrs. Rucastle, so I think, Watson, that we had best escort Miss Hunter back to Winchester, as it seems to me that our locus standi now is rather a questionable one."
"I am to remain neutral, to get near the window, to watch you, and at the signal to throw in this object, then to raise the cry of fire, and to wait you at the corner of the street."
"I am very much afraid that it is not. But between ourselves, Windibank, it was as cruel and selfish and heartless a trick in a petty way as ever came before me. Now, let me just run over the course of events, and you will contradict me if I go wrong."
"I am your faithful slave and to you alone I can confess that my
"I ask one thing of you," he said sternly, "to obey me and not shove
"I assured him that I was not offended. 'By the way,' said I, 'you seem to have quite a suite of spare rooms up there, and one of them has the shutters up.'
"I beg that you will draw your chair up to the fire and favour me with some details as to your case."
"I beg you not to tell anyone who I am, and to do what I ask you."
"I begin to think, Watson," said Holmes, "that I make a mistake in explaining. 'Omne ignotum pro magnifico,' you know, and my poor little reputation, such as it is, will suffer shipwreck if I am so candid. Can you not find the advertisement, Mr. Wilson?"
"I believe it, I believe it, fwiend, and I share and appwove..."
"I brought this with me." He opened a locket and showed us the full face of a very lovely woman. It was not a photograph but an ivory miniature, and the artist had brought out the full effect of the lustrous black hair, the large dark eyes, and the exquisite mouth. Holmes gazed long and earnestly at it. Then he closed the locket and handed it back to Lord St. Simon.
"I can't imagine. I suppose that you have been watching the habits, and perhaps the house, of Miss Irene Adler."
"I can't. I've sworn not to. I won't drink and won't play till I get
"I cannot, and I will not, believe it!" cried the banker with an ashen face.
"I come to a part of my story now in which I should wish to be particularly so. I am not a very heavy sleeper, and the anxiety in my mind tended, no doubt, to make me even less so than usual. About two in the morning, then, I was awakened by some sound in the house. It had ceased ere I was wide awake, but it had left an impression behind it as though a window had gently closed somewhere. I lay listening with all my ears. Suddenly, to my horror, there was a distinct sound of footsteps moving softly in the next room. I slipped out of bed, all palpitating with fear, and peeped round the corner of my dressing-room door.
"I could hardly believe my ears. As you may observe, Mr. Holmes, my hair is somewhat luxuriant, and of a rather peculiar tint of chestnut. It has been considered artistic. I could not dream of sacrificing it in this offhand fashion.
"I could not sleep that night. A vague feeling of impending misfortune impressed me. My sister and I, you will recollect, were twins, and you know how subtle are the links which bind two souls which are so closely allied. It was a wild night. The wind was howling outside, and the rain was beating and splashing against the windows. Suddenly, amid all the hubbub of the gale, there burst forth the wild scream of a terrified woman. I knew that it was my sister's voice. I sprang from my bed, wrapped a shawl round me, and rushed into the corridor. As I opened my door I seemed to hear a low whistle, such as my sister described, and a few moments later a clanging sound, as if a mass of metal had fallen. As I ran down the passage, my sister's door was unlocked, and revolved slowly upon its hinges. I stared at it horror-stricken, not knowing what was about to issue from it. By the light of the corridor-lamp I saw my sister appear at the opening, her face blanched with terror, her hands groping for help, her whole figu

"I did as I was told, and at the same instant Mrs. Rucastle drew down the blind. That was a week ago, and from that time I have not sat again in the window, nor have I worn the blue dress, nor seen the man in the road."
"I did as he ordered, and when the lawyer arrived I was asked to step up to the room. The fire was burning brightly, and in the grate there was a mass of black, fluffy ashes, as of burned paper, while the brass box stood open and empty beside it. As I glanced at the box I noticed, with a start, that upon the lid was printed the treble K which I had read in the morning upon the envelope.
"I did at first," she answered, "but now I know where the letters are without looking." Then, suddenly realising the full purport of his words, she gave a violent start and looked up, with fear and astonishment upon her broad, good-humoured face. "You've heard about me, Mr. Holmes," she cried, "else how could you know all that?"
"I did not expect this of you," said the staff captain seriously and
"I did not know. It was only to-day that I spoke to Major Prendergast about my troubles and was advised by him to come to you."
"I do not know that there is anything else for me to explain. I was determined to preserve my disguise as long as possible, and hence my preference for a dirty face. Knowing that my wife would be terribly anxious, I slipped off my ring and confided it to the Lascar at a moment when no constable was watching me, together with a hurried scrawl, telling her that she had no cause to fear."
"I do not know what I have done to be so severely tried," said he. "Only two days ago I was a happy and prosperous man, without a care in the world. Now I am left to a lonely and dishonoured age. One sorrow comes close upon the heels of another. My niece, Mary, has deserted me."
"I do not, and did not, desire war," he continued, "but it has
"I don't and can't," replied Nicholas, looking coldly at the baby.
"I don't care to have anything to do with Bezukhova and don't advise
"I expected help from you and I get none, none from you either!"
"I feel that time is of value," said he; "that is why I hastened here when the police inspector suggested that I should secure your co-operation. I came to Baker Street by the Underground and hurried from there on foot, for the cabs go slowly through this snow. That is why I was so out of breath, for I am a man who takes very little exercise. I feel better now, and I will put the facts before you as shortly and yet as clearly as I can.
"I fully share your opinion, and I trust, with you, that we may prove it," returned Holmes, going back to the mat to knock the snow from his shoes. "I believe I have the honour of addressing Miss Mary Holder. Might I ask you a question or two?"
"I give you that column, lads," he said, riding up to the troops and
"I glanced at the books upon the table, and in spite of my ignorance of German I could see that two of them were treatises on science, the others being volumes of poetry. Then I walked across to the window, hoping that I might catch some glimpse of the country-side, but an oak shutter, heavily barred, was folded across it. It was a wonderfully silent house. There was an old clock ticking loudly somewhere in the passage, but otherwise everything was deadly still. A vague feeling of uneasiness began to steal over me. Who were these German people, and what were they doing living in this strange, out-of-the-way place? And where was the place? I was ten miles or so from Eyford, that was all I knew, but whether north, south, east, or west I had no idea. For that matter, Reading, and possibly other large towns, were within that radius, so the place might not be so secluded, after all. Yet it was quite certain, from the absolute stillness, that we were in the country. I paced up and down the room, humming a tune und

"I had a friend once called Maudsley, who went to the bad, and has just been serving his time in Pentonville. One day he had met me, and fell into talk about the ways of thieves, and how they could get rid of what they stole. I knew that he would be true to me, for I knew one or two things about him; so I made up my mind to go right on to Kilburn, where he lived, and take him into my confidence. He would show me how to turn the stone into money. But how to get to him in safety? I thought of the agonies I had gone through in coming from the hotel. I might at any moment be seized and searched, and there would be the stone in my waistcoat pocket. I was leaning against the wall at the time and looking at the geese which were waddling about round my feet, and suddenly an idea came into my head which showed me how I could beat the best detective that ever lived.
"I had gone up to town about an investment, and I met him in Regent Street with hardly a coat to his back or a boot to his foot.
"I had heard that it happens like this, and you must have heard it
"I had," said he, "come to an entirely erroneous conclusion which shows, my dear Watson, how dangerous it always is to reason from insufficient data. The presence of the gipsies, and the use of the word 'band,' which was used by the poor girl, no doubt, to explain the appearance which she had caught a hurried glimpse of by the light of her match, were sufficient to put me upon an entirely wrong scent. I can only claim the merit that I instantly reconsidered my position when, however, it became clear to me that whatever danger threatened an occupant of the room could not come either from the window or the door. My attention was speedily drawn, as I have already remarked to you, to this ventilator, and to the bell-rope which hung down to the bed. The discovery that this was a dummy, and that the bed was clamped to the floor, instantly gave rise to the suspicion that the rope was there as a bridge for something passing through the hole and coming to the bed. The idea of a snake instantly occurred to me, and whe

"I have an inspector and two officers waiting at the front door."
"I have been a governess for five years," said she, "in the family of Colonel Spence Munro, but two months ago the colonel received an appointment at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, and took his children over to America with him, so that I found myself without a situation. I advertised, and I answered advertisements, but without success. At last the little money which I had saved began to run short, and I was at my wit's end as to what I should do.
"I have been beaten four times--three times by men, and once by a woman."
"I have come to you with a message and an offer, Count," he said
"I have devised seven separate explanations, each of which would cover the facts as far as we know them. But which of these is correct can only be determined by the fresh information which we shall no doubt find waiting for us. Well, there is the tower of the cathedral, and we shall soon learn all that Miss Hunter has to tell."
"I have done my best for him, and I can assure you the education
"I have given the order again and again, your honor, but they
"I have had one or two little scores of my own to settle with Mr. John Clay," said Holmes. "I have been at some small expense over this matter, which I shall expect the bank to refund, but beyond that I am amply repaid by having had an experience which is in many ways unique, and by hearing the very remarkable narrative of the Red-headed League."
"I have heard of such cases and know that His Majesty is very severe
"I have heard of you, my dear sir," continued the stranger, "and
"I have known you a long time, you see, and am as fond of you as
"I have never enjoyed myself so much before!" she said, and Prince
"I have ordered a carriage," said Lestrade as we sat over a cup of tea. "I knew your energetic nature, and that you would not be happy until you had been on the scene of the crime."
"I have read our protests about the Oldenburg affair and was
"I have received a refusal from Countess Rostova and have heard
"I have said that though the floor and ceiling were of iron, the walls were of wood. As I gave a last hurried glance around, I saw a thin line of yellow light between two of the boards, which broadened and broadened as a small panel was pushed backward. For an instant I could hardly believe that here was indeed a door which led away from death. The next instant I threw myself through, and lay half-fainting upon the other side. The panel had closed again behind me, but the crash of the lamp, and a few moments afterwards the clang of the two slabs of metal, told me how narrow had been my escape.
"I have seen those symptoms before," said Holmes, throwing his cigarette into the fire. "Oscillation upon the pavement always means an affaire de coeur. She would like advice, but is not sure that the matter is not too delicate for communication. And yet even here we may discriminate. When a woman has been seriously wronged by a man she no longer oscillates, and the usual symptom is a broken bell wire. Here we may take it that there is a love matter, but that the maiden is not so much angry as perplexed, or grieved. But here she comes in person to resolve our doubts."
"I have spent the whole day," said he, "over Lloyd's registers and files of the old papers, following the future career of every vessel which touched at Pondicherry in January and February in '83. There were thirty-six ships of fair tonnage which were reported there during those months. Of these, one, the Lone Star, instantly attracted my attention, since, although it was reported as having cleared from London, the name is that which is given to one of the states of the Union."
"I have talked and talked at the Assembly of the Nobility," Prince
"I have very little difficulty in finding what I want," said I, "for the facts are quite recent, and the matter struck me as remarkable. I feared to refer them to you, however, as I knew that you had an inquiry on hand and that you disliked the intrusion of other matters."
"I hear that it was during the night, sir, but it has got worse, and the whole place is in a blaze."
"I hope that I may have the pleasure of introducing you to-night. I've had one or two little turns also with Mr. John Clay, and I agree with you that he is at the head of his profession. It is past ten, however, and quite time that we started. If you two will take the first hansom, Watson and I will follow in the second."
"I imagine that Freemasonry is the fraternity and equality of men
"I knew you'd give permission... so I'll tell them," and, having
"I know it and shall prove it," said Rostov.
"I know myself that one cannot help one's sympathies and
"I know the will was made, but I also know that it is invalid; and
"I know who has taken it," repeated Rostov in an unsteady voice, and
"I know you were friendly with Natalie, and so... but I was always
"I know your outlook," said the Mason, "and the view of life you
"I looked through and was conscious of two glowing eyes, and of a vague figure huddled up in the darkness.
"I love you all, and have done no harm to anyone; and what have
"I may have appeared strange and queer then," he thought, "but I was
"I might ask," he thought, "but they'll say: 'He's a boy himself and
"I much regret her illness," said Prince Andrew; and he smiled
"I must ask someone who knows," he thought, and addressed an officer
"I must go home now, for dad is very ill, and he misses me so if I leave him. Good-bye, and God help you in your undertaking." She hurried from the room as impulsively as she had entered, and we heard the wheels of her carriage rattle off down the street.
"I must really ask you to be a little more quiet!" said Holmes severely. "You have already imperilled the whole success of our expedition. Might I beg that you would have the goodness to sit down upon one of those boxes, and not to interfere?"
"I never hope to see such a sight as that again, Mr. Holmes. From north, south, east, and west every man who had a shade of red in his hair had tramped into the city to answer the advertisement. Fleet Street was choked with red-headed folk, and Pope's Court looked like a coster's orange barrow. I should not have thought there were so many in the whole country as were brought together by that single advertisement. Every shade of colour they were--straw, lemon, orange, brick, Irish-setter, liver, clay; but, as Spaulding said, there were not many who had the real vivid flame-coloured tint. When I saw how many were waiting, I would have given it up in despair; but Spaulding would not hear of it. How he did it I could not imagine, but he pushed and pulled and butted until he got me through the crowd, and right up to the steps which led to the office. There was a double stream upon the stair, some going up in hope, and some coming back dejected; but we wedged in as well as we could and soon found ourselves in the 

"I noted, in passing, that she had written a note before leaving home but after being fully dressed. You observed that her right glove was torn at the forefinger, but you did not apparently see that both glove and finger were stained with violet ink. She had written in a hurry and dipped her pen too deep. It must have been this morning, or the mark would not remain clear upon the finger. All this is amusing, though rather elementary, but I must go back to business, Watson. Would you mind reading me the advertised description of Mr. Hosmer Angel?"
"I only came in to look and did not notice... forgive me..."
"I ought to give them something!" he thought, and felt in his
"I owe you an apology," he said, raising his golden pince-nez to his eyes. "I trust that I am not intruding. I fear that I have brought some traces of the storm and rain into your snug chamber."
"I perceive also that whoever addressed the envelope had to go and inquire as to the address."
"I reached this one," said my friend, "by sitting upon five pillows and consuming an ounce of shag. I think, Watson, that if we drive to Baker Street we shall just be in time for breakfast."
"I said at the time and before anyone else" (she insisted on her
"I saw it in a paper," explained the American. "It gave the name and the church but not where the lady lived."
"I saw nothing remarkable save the bell-rope, and what purpose that could answer I confess is more than I can imagine."
"I say, Rostov," said Dolokhov clearly, smiling and looking Nicholas
"I say, come round some evening and we'll have a game of faro!" said
"I searched the Dundee records, and when I found that the barque Lone Star was there in January, '85, my suspicion became a certainty. I then inquired as to the vessels which lay at present in the port of London."
"I see it, I deduce it. How do I know that you have been getting yourself very wet lately, and that you have a most clumsy and careless servant girl?"
"I see," said I as I glanced down the column, "that the coroner in his concluding remarks was rather severe upon young McCarthy. He calls attention, and with reason, to the discrepancy about his father having signalled to him before seeing him, also to his refusal to give details of his conversation with his father, and his singular account of his father's dying words. They are all, as he remarks, very much against the son."
"I see--her ladyship's waiting-maid. Well, the temptation of sudden wealth so easily acquired was too much for you, as it has been for better men before you; but you were not very scrupulous in the means you used. It seems to me, Ryder, that there is the making of a very pretty villain in you. You knew that this man Horner, the plumber, had been concerned in some such matter before, and that suspicion would rest the more readily upon him. What did you do, then? You made some small job in my lady's room--you and your confederate Cusack--and you managed that he should be the man sent for. Then, when he had left, you rifled the jewel-case, raised the alarm, and had this unfortunate man arrested. You then--"
"I see. You infer that she may have gone out to tell her sweetheart, and that the two may have planned the robbery."
"I shall come to a place and pray there, and before having time to
"I shall glance into the case for you," said Holmes, rising, "and I have no doubt that we shall reach some definite result. Let the weight of the matter rest upon me now, and do not let your mind dwell upon it further. Above all, try to let Mr. Hosmer Angel vanish from your memory, as he has done from your life."
"I shall just have time to tell you the facts of the case before we get to Lee. It seems absurdly simple, and yet, somehow I can get nothing to go upon. There's plenty of thread, no doubt, but I can't get the end of it into my hand. Now, I'll state the case clearly and concisely to you, Watson, and maybe you can see a spark where all is dark to me."
"I shall try not to miss anything of importance. The one unpleasant thing about the house, which struck me at once, was the appearance and conduct of the servants. There are only two, a man and his wife. Toller, for that is his name, is a rough, uncouth man, with grizzled hair and whiskers, and a perpetual smell of drink. Twice since I have been with them he has been quite drunk, and yet Mr. Rucastle seemed to take no notice of it. His wife is a very tall and strong woman with a sour face, as silent as Mrs. Rucastle and much less amiable. They are a most unpleasant couple, but fortunately I spend most of my time in the nursery and my own room, which are next to each other in one corner of the building.
"I should not be doing my duty, Count," he said in timid tones, "and
"I signed the paper as directed, and the lawyer took it away with him. The singular incident made, as you may think, the deepest impression upon me, and I pondered over it and turned it every way in my mind without being able to make anything of it. Yet I could not shake off the vague feeling of dread which it left behind, though the sensation grew less keen as the weeks passed and nothing happened to disturb the usual routine of our lives. I could see a change in my uncle, however. He drank more than ever, and he was less inclined for any sort of society. Most of his time he would spend in his room, with the door locked upon the inside, but sometimes he would emerge in a sort of drunken frenzy and would burst out of the house and tear about the garden with a revolver in his hand, screaming out that he was afraid of no man, and that he was not to be cooped up, like a sheep in a pen, by man or devil. When these hot fits were over, however, he would rush tumultuously in at the door and lock and bar it behind h

"I started off, Mr. Holmes, but when I got to that address it was a manufactory of artificial knee-caps, and no one in it had ever heard of either Mr. William Morris or Mr. Duncan Ross."
"I suppose that everyone finds his first independent start in business a dreary experience. To me it has been exceptionally so. During two years I have had three consultations and one small job, and that is absolutely all that my profession has brought me. My gross takings amount to $27 10s. Every day, from nine in the morning until four in the afternoon, I waited in my little den, until at last my heart began to sink, and I came to believe that I should never have any practice at all.
"I suppose, Watson," said he, "that you imagine that I have added opium-smoking to cocaine injections, and all the other little weaknesses on which you have favoured me with your medical views."
"I take them back, I take them back!" said Pierre, "and I ask you to
"I thank you all!" he said, addressing the soldiers and then again
"I thank you," said the young man, rising and pulling on his overcoat. "You have given me fresh life and hope. I shall certainly do as you advise."
"I thank your Majesty. Then there is no more to be done in the matter. I have the honour to wish you a very good morning." He bowed, and, turning away without observing the hand which the King had stretched out to him, he set off in my company for his chambers.
"I then lounged down the street and found, as I expected, that there was a mews in a lane which runs down by one wall of the garden. I lent the ostlers a hand in rubbing down their horses, and received in exchange twopence, a glass of half-and-half, two fills of shag tobacco, and as much information as I could desire about Miss Adler, to say nothing of half a dozen other people in the neighbourhood in whom I was not in the least interested, but whose biographies I was compelled to listen to."
"I think not," he said, "and yet--yes. She does not deign to be
"I think that I mentioned to you that the doctor kept a cheetah and a baboon. We had no feeling of security unless our doors were locked."
"I think that there you ask a little too much," responded his Lordship. "I may be forced to acquiesce in these recent developments, but I can hardly be expected to make merry over them. I think that with your permission I will now wish you all a very good-night." He included us all in a sweeping bow and stalked out of the room.
"I think this used to be Natasha," thought Nicholas, "and that was
"I think you will find," said Sherlock Holmes, "that you will play for a higher stake to-night than you have ever done yet, and that the play will be more exciting. For you, Mr. Merryweather, the stake will be some $30,000; and for you, Jones, it will be the man upon whom you wish to lay your hands."
"I thought of the fifty guineas, and of how very useful they would be to me. 'Not at all,' said I, 'I shall be very happy to accommodate myself to your wishes. I should like, however, to understand a little more clearly what it is that you wish me to do.'
"I told you it was all lumps and holes!" the little princess
"I told you yesterday, and I repeat to-day, that it was not."
"I took him into the forest. Then I see he's no good and think I'll go
"I took it up and examined it. It was of the same peculiar tint, and the same thickness. But then the impossibility of the thing obtruded itself upon me. How could my hair have been locked in the drawer? With trembling hands I undid my trunk, turned out the contents, and drew from the bottom my own hair. I laid the two tresses together, and I assure you that they were identical. Was it not extraordinary? Puzzle as I would, I could make nothing at all of what it meant. I returned the strange hair to the drawer, and I said nothing of the matter to the Rucastles as I felt that I had put myself in the wrong by opening a drawer which they had locked.
"I took the lamp from him, and I examined the machine very thoroughly. It was indeed a gigantic one, and capable of exercising enormous pressure. When I passed outside, however, and pressed down the levers which controlled it, I knew at once by the whishing sound that there was a slight leakage, which allowed a regurgitation of water through one of the side cylinders. An examination showed that one of the india-rubber bands which was round the head of a driving-rod had shrunk so as not quite to fill the socket along which it worked. This was clearly the cause of the loss of power, and I pointed it out to my companions, who followed my remarks very carefully and asked several practical questions as to how they should proceed to set it right. When I had made it clear to them, I returned to the main chamber of the machine and took a good look at it to satisfy my own curiosity. It was obvious at a glance that the story of the fuller's-earth was the merest fabrication, for it would be absurd to suppose that so po

"I trust that we are not too late," said he. "I think, Miss Hunter, that we had better go in without you. Now, Watson, put your shoulder to it, and we shall see whether we cannot make our way in."
"I want a great deal, Count! I want five hundred rubles," and taking
"I want nothing, and I won't be anyone's adjutant."
"I was also aware of that," murmured Holmes, settling himself down in his armchair and closing his eyes.
"I was amused by her society, and she could see that I was amused."
"I was driven over by my employer, who was as amiable as ever, and was introduced by him that evening to his wife and the child. There was no truth, Mr. Holmes, in the conjecture which seemed to us to be probable in your rooms at Baker Street. Mrs. Rucastle is not mad. I found her to be a silent, pale-faced woman, much younger than her husband, not more than thirty, I should think, while he can hardly be less than forty-five. From their conversation I have gathered that they have been married about seven years, that he was a widower, and that his only child by the first wife was the daughter who has gone to Philadelphia. Mr. Rucastle told me in private that the reason why she had left them was that she had an unreasoning aversion to her stepmother. As the daughter could not have been less than twenty, I can quite imagine that her position must have been uncomfortable with her father's young wife.
"I was half-dragged up to the altar, and before I knew where I was I found myself mumbling responses which were whispered in my ear, and vouching for things of which I knew nothing, and generally assisting in the secure tying up of Irene Adler, spinster, to Godfrey Norton, bachelor. It was all done in an instant, and there was the gentleman thanking me on the one side and the lady on the other, while the clergyman beamed on me in front. It was the most preposterous position in which I ever found myself in my life, and it was the thought of it that started me laughing just now. It seems that there had been some informality about their license, that the clergyman absolutely refused to marry them without a witness of some sort, and that my lucky appearance saved the bridegroom from having to sally out into the streets in search of a best man. The bride gave me a sovereign, and I mean to wear it on my watch chain in memory of the occasion."
"I was not and am not sure which; but I knew that the ship must have an American origin."
"I was recalled to myself by a frantic plucking at my wrist, and I found myself lying upon the stone floor of a narrow corridor, while a woman bent over me and tugged at me with her left hand, while she held a candle in her right. It was the same good friend whose warning I had so foolishly rejected.
"I was shaken but not hurt by the fall; so I picked myself up and rushed off among the bushes as hard as I could run, for I understood that I was far from being out of danger yet. Suddenly, however, as I ran, a deadly dizziness and sickness came over me. I glanced down at my hand, which was throbbing painfully, and then, for the first time, saw that my thumb had been cut off and that the blood was pouring from my wound. I endeavoured to tie my handkerchief round it, but there came a sudden buzzing in my ears, and next moment I fell in a dead faint among the rose-bushes.
"I was so terrified that I do not know what I did. I suppose that I must have rushed past him into my room. I remember nothing until I found myself lying on my bed trembling all over. Then I thought of you, Mr. Holmes. I could not live there longer without some advice. I was frightened of the house, of the man, of the woman, of the servants, even of the child. They were all horrible to me. If I could only bring you down all would be well. Of course I might have fled from the house, but my curiosity was almost as strong as my fears. My mind was soon made up. I would send you a wire. I put on my hat and cloak, went down to the office, which is about half a mile from the house, and then returned, feeling very much easier. A horrible doubt came into my mind as I approached the door lest the dog might be loose, but I remembered that Toller had drunk himself into a state of insensibility that evening, and I knew that he was the only one in the household who had any influence with the savage creature, or who would 

"I was still balancing the matter in my mind when a hansom cab drove up to Briony Lodge, and a gentleman sprang out. He was a remarkably handsome man, dark, aquiline, and moustached--evidently the man of whom I had heard. He appeared to be in a great hurry, shouted to the cabman to wait, and brushed past the maid who opened the door with the air of a man who was thoroughly at home.
"I was told a charming Moscow story today and must treat you to
"I went for another one," Tikhon continued, "and I crept like this
"I went home to Saxe-Coburg Square, and I took the advice of my assistant. But he could not help me in any way. He could only say that if I waited I should hear by post. But that was not quite good enough, Mr. Holmes. I did not wish to lose such a place without a struggle, so, as I had heard that you were good enough to give advice to poor folk who were in need of it, I came right away to you."
"I will do so, and I must be quick, for I have promised Mr. Rucastle to be back before three. I got his leave to come into town this morning, though he little knew for what purpose."
"I will do so, and I will show you the steps by which I reached it. And let me say to you, first, that which it is hardest for me to say and for you to hear: there has been an understanding between Sir George Burnwell and your niece Mary. They have now fled together."
"I will go when I have said my say. Don't you dare to meddle with my affairs. I know that Miss Stoner has been here. I traced her! I am a dangerous man to fall foul of! See here." He stepped swiftly forward, seized the poker, and bent it into a curve with his huge brown hands.
"I will make no allowance. I am very angry indeed, and I have been shamefully used."
"I will send her to you," said the countess, and left the room.
"I will soon make it clear to you," said she; "and I'd have done so before now if I could ha' got out from the cellar. If there's police-court business over this, you'll remember that I was the one that stood your friend, and that I was Miss Alice's friend too.
"I will tell you this," he said, rising and trying with nervously
"I will tell you, then, what occurred in your house last night. Your niece, when you had, as she thought, gone to your room, slipped down and talked to her lover through the window which leads into the stable lane. His footmarks had pressed right through the snow, so long had he stood there. She told him of the coronet. His wicked lust for gold kindled at the news, and he bent her to his will. I have no doubt that she loved you, but there are women in whom the love of a lover extinguishes all other loves, and I think that she must have been one. She had hardly listened to his instructions when she saw you coming downstairs, on which she closed the window rapidly and told you about one of the servants' escapade with her wooden-legged lover, which was all perfectly true.
"I will, I will, only tell me! You won't? Then I will go and tell at
"I wish you good luck and success, gentlemen!" he added and went out
"I won't insult your intelligence by telling you how I read that, especially as, rather against the strict rules of your order, you use an arc-and-compass breastpin."
"I won't tell anyone!" and she ran off at once to Sonya.
"I would go with you but on my honor I'm up to here"--and he pointed
"I wrote my articles and thought little more of the matter until, some time later, I backed a bill for a friend and had a writ served upon me for $25. I was at my wit's end where to get the money, but a sudden idea came to me. I begged a fortnight's grace from the creditor, asked for a holiday from my employers, and spent the time in begging in the City under my disguise. In ten days I had the money and had paid the debt.
"I'd be glad to sit beside you and rest: I'm tired; but you see
"I'll go and ask them again directly," said Pierre, rising and going
"I'll go there too, I too!" thought Pierre, and followed the
"I'll kill you!" he shouted, and seizing the marble top of a table
"I'm glad," answered Dolokhov briefly and clearly, as the song
"I'm heartily glad you have come and are staying with me. It was
"I'm quite worn out by these callers. However, I'll see her and no
"I've come to sit with you a bit, Masha," said the nurse, "and
"I've had enough of you and your geese," he shouted. "I wish you were all at the devil together. If you come pestering me any more with your silly talk I'll set the dog at you. You bring Mrs. Oakshott here and I'll answer her, but what have you to do with it? Did I buy the geese off you?"
"I've wasted time enough," said Lestrade, rising. "I believe in hard work and not in sitting by the fire spinning fine theories. Good-day, Mr. Holmes, and we shall see which gets to the bottom of the matter first." He gathered up the garments, thrust them into the bag, and made for the door.
"I? I? What did I tell you?" said Pierre suddenly, rising and
"I? I?..." said the prince as if unpleasantly awakened, and not
"Idiot!" she screamed at her brother and, running to a chair,
"If He were not," he said quietly, "you and I would not be
"If I am Mr. Neville St. Clair, then it is obvious that no crime has been committed, and that, therefore, I am illegally detained."
"If I may give an opinion," remarked the strange gentleman, "we've had just a little too much secrecy over this business already. For my part, I should like all Europe and America to hear the rights of it." He was a small, wiry, sunburnt man, clean-shaven, with a sharp face and alert manner.
"If I tell her she will not believe me. You may remember the old Persian saying, 'There is danger for him who taketh the tiger cub, and danger also for whoso snatches a delusion from a woman.' There is as much sense in Hafiz as in Horace, and as much knowledge of the world."
"If grown-up, distinguished men think so, it must be necessary and
"If it does not weigh a hundredweight and won't break my neck...
"If it were not for my sincere affection and devotion to Uncle,"
"If she goes to her cousin first and then to another lady, she
"If so, it is a serious case. Nothing less would bring a man out on such a day and at such an hour. But I take it that it is more likely to be some crony of the landlady's."
"If the animals in front are continually changing and the
"If there is a God and future life, there is truth and good, and
"If they're sent out and brought back again later on it will do no
"If you can call upon me at my Baker Street rooms to-morrow morning between nine and ten I shall be happy to do what I can to make it clearer. I understand that you give me carte blanche to act for you, provided only that I get back the gems, and that you place no limit on the sum I may draw."
"If you have nothing better to do, Count [or Prince], and if the
"If you remember, Monday was an exceedingly hot day, and Mrs. St. Clair walked slowly, glancing about in the hope of seeing a cab, as she did not like the neighbourhood in which she found herself. While she was walking in this way down Swandam Lane, she suddenly heard an ejaculation or cry, and was struck cold to see her husband looking down at her and, as it seemed to her, beckoning to her from a second-floor window. The window was open, and she distinctly saw his face, which she describes as being terribly agitated. He waved his hands frantically to her, and then vanished from the window so suddenly that it seemed to her that he had been plucked back by some irresistible force from behind. One singular point which struck her quick feminine eye was that although he wore some dark coat, such as he had started to town in, he had on neither collar nor necktie.
"In mining. He had nothing a few years ago. Then he struck gold, invested it, and came up by leaps and bounds."
"In myself alone and in that sunshine there is so much happiness;
"In the bathroom," he answered. "Oh, yes, I am not joking," he continued, seeing my look of incredulity. "I have just been there, and I have taken it out, and I have got it in this Gladstone bag. Come on, my boy, and we shall see whether it will not fit the lock."
"In the dress is a pocket. In the pocket is a card-case. In the card-case is a note. And here is the very note." He slapped it down upon the table in front of him. "Listen to this: 'You will see me when all is ready. Come at once. F. H. M.' Now my theory all along has been that Lady St. Simon was decoyed away by Flora Millar, and that she, with confederates, no doubt, was responsible for her disappearance. Here, signed with her initials, is the very note which was no doubt quietly slipped into her hand at the door and which lured her within their reach."
"In the first place, I may say that I have met, on the whole, with no actual ill-treatment from Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle. It is only fair to them to say that. But I cannot understand them, and I am not easy in my mind about them."
"In the first place, both my friend and I must spend the night in your room."
"In this sinister way I came into my inheritance. You will ask me why I did not dispose of it? I answer, because I was well convinced that our troubles were in some way dependent upon an incident in my uncle's life, and that the danger would be as pressing in one house as in another.
"In view of your health, nothing. You are yourself aware that you will soon have to answer for your deed at a higher court than the Assizes. I will keep your confession, and if McCarthy is condemned I shall be forced to use it. If not, it shall never be seen by mortal eye; and your secret, whether you be alive or dead, shall be safe with us."
"Indeed, your example is an unfortunate one for your argument," said Holmes, taking the paper and glancing his eye down it. "This is the Dundas separation case, and, as it happens, I was engaged in clearing up some small points in connection with it. The husband was a teetotaler, there was no other woman, and the conduct complained of was that he had drifted into the habit of winding up every meal by taking out his false teeth and hurling them at his wife, which, you will allow, is not an action likely to occur to the imagination of the average story-teller. Take a pinch of snuff, Doctor, and acknowledge that I have scored over you in your example."
"India goods." Sugar and molasses, brought from the West Indies,
"Inform the prince and princess that I knew nothing: I acted on
"Is he tall and with reddish hair?" asked the doctor.
"Is she like him?" thought Natasha. "Yes, like and yet not like. But
"Is such as we might expect. It ran, if I remember right, 'sent the pips to A, B, and C'--that is, sent the society's warning to them. Then there are successive entries that A and B cleared, or left the country, and finally that C was visited, with, I fear, a sinister result for C. Well, I think, Doctor, that we may let some light into this dark place, and I believe that the only chance young Openshaw has in the meantime is to do what I have told him. There is nothing more to be said or to be done to-night, so hand me over my violin and let us try to forget for half an hour the miserable weather and the still more miserable ways of our fellow men."
"Is that Mary practicing? Let's go quietly and take her by
"It appears that his arrest did not take place at once, but after the return to Hatherley Farm. On the inspector of constabulary informing him that he was a prisoner, he remarked that he was not surprised to hear it, and that it was no more than his deserts. This observation of his had the natural effect of removing any traces of doubt which might have remained in the minds of the coroner's jury."
"It has been a case of considerable interest," he remarked, returning to his natural manner. "I fancy that this grey house on the right must be the lodge. I think that I will go in and have a word with Moran, and perhaps write a little note. Having done that, we may drive back to our luncheon. You may walk to the cab, and I shall be with you presently."
"It is a noiseless lock," said he. "It is no wonder that it did not wake you. This case, I presume, contains the coronet. We must have a look at it." He opened the case, and taking out the diadem he laid it upon the table. It was a magnificent specimen of the jeweller's art, and the thirty-six stones were the finest that I have ever seen. At one side of the coronet was a cracked edge, where a corner holding three gems had been torn away.
"It is a question of hydraulics, you see, and came within my own province."
"It is a swamp adder!" cried Holmes; "the deadliest snake in India. He has died within ten seconds of being bitten. Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another. Let us thrust this creature back into its den, and we can then remove Miss Stoner to some place of shelter and let the county police know what has happened."
"It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. Now, I knew that it was not you who had brought it down, so there only remained your niece and the maids. But if it were the maids, why should your son allow himself to be accused in their place? There could be no possible reason. As he loved his cousin, however, there was an excellent explanation why he should retain her secret--the more so as the secret was a disgraceful one. When I remembered that you had seen her at that window, and how she had fainted on seeing the coronet again, my conjecture became a certainty.
"It is dated from Grosvenor Mansions, written with a quill pen, and the noble lord has had the misfortune to get a smear of ink upon the outer side of his right little finger," remarked Holmes as he folded up the epistle.
"It is easy for me to be so, for every event of that dreadful time is seared into my memory. The manor-house is, as I have already said, very old, and only one wing is now inhabited. The bedrooms in this wing are on the ground floor, the sitting-rooms being in the central block of the buildings. Of these bedrooms the first is Dr. Roylott's, the second my sister's, and the third my own. There is no communication between them, but they all open out into the same corridor. Do I make myself plain?"
"It is easy to see that your experience has been no common one, Mr. Hatherley," said he. "Pray, lie down there and make yourself absolutely at home. Tell us what you can, but stop when you are tired and keep up your strength with a little stimulant."
"It is fear, Mr. Holmes. It is terror." She raised her veil as she spoke, and we could see that she was indeed in a pitiable state of agitation, her face all drawn and grey, with restless frightened eyes, like those of some hunted animal. Her features and figure were those of a woman of thirty, but her hair was shot with premature grey, and her expression was weary and haggard. Sherlock Holmes ran her over with one of his quick, all-comprehensive glances.
"It is for me to ask you that," he shrieked, "you thieves! Spies and thieves! I have caught you, have I? You are in my power. I'll serve you!" He turned and clattered down the stairs as hard as he could go.
"It is fortunate, for you will perhaps be able to post me up. I read nothing except the criminal news and the agony column. The latter is always instructive. But if you have followed recent events so closely you must have read about Lord St. Simon and his wedding?"
"It is most unlikely that she carries it about with her. It is cabinet size. Too large for easy concealment about a woman's dress. She knows that the King is capable of having her waylaid and searched. Two attempts of the sort have already been made. We may take it, then, that she does not carry it about with her."
"It is my belief that she died of pure fear and nervous shock, though what it was that frightened her I cannot imagine."
"It is no time for me to hide anything. James and his father had many disagreements about me. Mr. McCarthy was very anxious that there should be a marriage between us. James and I have always loved each other as brother and sister; but of course he is young and has seen very little of life yet, and--and--well, he naturally did not wish to do anything like that yet. So there were quarrels, and this, I am sure, was one of them."
"It is nothing very formidable," he said, taking a long cigar-shaped roll from his pocket. "It is an ordinary plumber's smoke-rocket, fitted with a cap at either end to make it self-lighting. Your task is confined to that. When you raise your cry of fire, it will be taken up by quite a number of people. You may then walk to the end of the street, and I will rejoin you in ten minutes. I hope that I have made myself clear?"
"It is our task to find that out," replied Holmes; "so now, if you please, Mr. Holder, we will set off for Streatham together, and devote an hour to glancing a little more closely into details."
"It is simplicity itself," said he; "my eyes tell me that on the inside of your left shoe, just where the firelight strikes it, the leather is scored by six almost parallel cuts. Obviously they have been caused by someone who has very carelessly scraped round the edges of the sole in order to remove crusted mud from it. Hence, you see, my double deduction that you had been out in vile weather, and that you had a particularly malignant boot-slitting specimen of the London slavey. As to your practice, if a gentleman walks into my rooms smelling of iodoform, with a black mark of nitrate of silver upon his right forefinger, and a bulge on the right side of his top-hat to show where he has secreted his stethoscope, I must be dull, indeed, if I do not pronounce him to be an active member of the medical profession."
"It is very good of Lord St. Simon to honour my head by putting it on a level with his own," said Sherlock Holmes, laughing. "I think that I shall have a whisky and soda and a cigar after all this cross-questioning. I had formed my conclusions as to the case before our client came into the room."
"It is very good of you, Monsieur Pierre, to come and visit a poor
"It is, I am afraid, not very encouraging to his supporters, though there are one or two points in it which are suggestive. You will find it here, and may read it for yourself."
"It is, of course, well known to you that in a successful banking business as much depends upon our being able to find remunerative investments for our funds as upon our increasing our connection and the number of our depositors. One of our most lucrative means of laying out money is in the shape of loans, where the security is unimpeachable. We have done a good deal in this direction during the last few years, and there are many noble families to whom we have advanced large sums upon the security of their pictures, libraries, or plate.
"It may be so, or it may not, Mr. Holmes," said he, "but if you are so very sharp you ought to be sharp enough to know that it is you who are breaking the law now, and not me. I have done nothing actionable from the first, but as long as you keep that door locked you lay yourself open to an action for assault and illegal constraint."
"It means that it is all over," Holmes answered. "And perhaps, after all, it is for the best. Take your pistol, and we will enter Dr. Roylott's room."
"It must be daylight soon," said he, yawning, and went away.
"It seemed to me that I had never met so fascinating and so thoughtful a man. As I was already in debt to my tradesmen, the advance was a great convenience, and yet there was something unnatural about the whole transaction which made me wish to know a little more before I quite committed myself.
"It seems to me to be a most dark and sinister business."
"It was all-important. When a woman thinks that her house is on fire, her instinct is at once to rush to the thing which she values most. It is a perfectly overpowering impulse, and I have more than once taken advantage of it. In the case of the Darlington Substitution Scandal it was of use to me, and also in the Arnsworth Castle business. A married woman grabs at her baby; an unmarried one reaches for her jewel-box. Now it was clear to me that our lady of to-day had nothing in the house more precious to her than what we are in quest of. She would rush to secure it. The alarm of fire was admirably done. The smoke and shouting were enough to shake nerves of steel. She responded beautifully. The photograph is in a recess behind a sliding panel just above the right bell-pull. She was there in an instant, and I caught a glimpse of it as she half drew it out. When I cried out that it was a false alarm, she replaced it, glanced at the rocket, rushed from the room, and I have not seen her since. I rose, and, making

"It was in January, '85, that my poor father met his end, and two years and eight months have elapsed since then. During that time I have lived happily at Horsham, and I had begun to hope that this curse had passed away from the family, and that it had ended with the last generation. I had begun to take comfort too soon, however; yesterday morning the blow fell in the very shape in which it had come upon my father."
"It was in the early '60's at the diggings. I was a young chap then, hot-blooded and reckless, ready to turn my hand at anything; I got among bad companions, took to drink, had no luck with my claim, took to the bush, and in a word became what you would call over here a highway robber. There were six of us, and we had a wild, free life of it, sticking up a station from time to time, or stopping the wagons on the road to the diggings. Black Jack of Ballarat was the name I went under, and our party is still remembered in the colony as the Ballarat Gang.
"It was naturally my intention that he should succeed me in my business, but he was not of a business turn. He was wild, wayward, and, to speak the truth, I could not trust him in the handling of large sums of money. When he was young he became a member of an aristocratic club, and there, having charming manners, he was soon the intimate of a number of men with long purses and expensive habits. He learned to play heavily at cards and to squander money on the turf, until he had again and again to come to me and implore me to give him an advance upon his allowance, that he might settle his debts of honour. He tried more than once to break away from the dangerous company which he was keeping, but each time the influence of his friend, Sir George Burnwell, was enough to draw him back again.
"It was only yesterday that the chance came. I may tell you that, besides Mr. Rucastle, both Toller and his wife find something to do in these deserted rooms, and I once saw him carrying a large black linen bag with him through the door. Recently he has been drinking hard, and yesterday evening he was very drunk; and when I came upstairs there was the key in the door. I have no doubt at all that he had left it there. Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle were both downstairs, and the child was with them, so that I had an admirable opportunity. I turned the key gently in the lock, opened the door, and slipped through.
"It was pitch dark inside the house, and the colonel fumbled about looking for matches and muttering under his breath. Suddenly a door opened at the other end of the passage, and a long, golden bar of light shot out in our direction. It grew broader, and a woman appeared with a lamp in her hand, which she held above her head, pushing her face forward and peering at us. I could see that she was pretty, and from the gloss with which the light shone upon her dark dress I knew that it was a rich material. She spoke a few words in a foreign tongue in a tone as though asking a question, and when my companion answered in a gruff monosyllable she gave such a start that the lamp nearly fell from her hand. Colonel Stark went up to her, whispered something in her ear, and then, pushing her back into the room from whence she had come, he walked towards me again with the lamp in his hand.
"It was too far for me to go, weak and ill as I was. I determined to wait until I got back to town before telling my story to the police. It was a little past six when I arrived, so I went first to have my wound dressed, and then the doctor was kind enough to bring me along here. I put the case into your hands and shall do exactly what you advise."
"It was very nice and complimentary of you," Holmes answered. "It is entirely a question of barometric pressure."
"It was very sweet of you to come. Now, you must have some wine and water, and sit here comfortably and tell us all about it. Or should you rather that I sent James off to bed?"
"It'll be worse for you. Bogdanich is vindictive and you'll pay
"It's a good day, eh? For a hunt and a gallop, eh?" asked
"It's a new patient," he whispered. "I thought I'd bring him round myself; then he couldn't slip away. There he is, all safe and sound. I must go now, Doctor; I have my dooties, just the same as you." And off he went, this trusty tout, without even giving me time to thank him.
"It's all clear," he whispered. "Have you the chisel and the bags? Great Scott! Jump, Archie, jump, and I'll swing for it!"
"It's all very well for you... I am not envious... I love you and
"It's awful! Oh, it's awful! awful!" Natasha suddenly cried, and
"It's here, close by," said she and, running across the yard, opened
"It's more to the left, why, Little Mytishchi is over there, and
"It's not at all from friendship," declared Nicholas, flaring up and
"It's not my business!" he exclaimed, and strode on quickly down one
"It's not nonsense, Papa. Fedya Obolenski is younger than I, and
"It's that, that..." said Sonya, with a white face and trembling
"John Clay, the murderer, thief, smasher, and forger. He's a young man, Mr. Merryweather, but he is at the head of his profession, and I would rather have my bracelets on him than on any criminal in London. He's a remarkable man, is young John Clay. His grandfather was a royal duke, and he himself has been to Eton and Oxford. His brain is as cunning as his fingers, and though we meet signs of him at every turn, we never know where to find the man himself. He'll crack a crib in Scotland one week, and be raising money to build an orphanage in Cornwall the next. I've been on his track for years and have never set eyes on him yet."
"Just a few oats?" said Misha, cheerfully and readily.
"Just look up the trains in Bradshaw," said he, and turned back to his chemical studies.
"Just one hint to you, Lestrade," drawled Holmes before his rival vanished; "I will tell you the true solution of the matter. Lady St. Simon is a myth. There is not, and there never has been, any such person."
"Just so, just so," repeated the countess, and shaking all over, she
"Kaysarov!" Kutuzov called to his adjutant. "Sit down and write
"Kindly look her up in my index, Doctor," murmured Holmes without opening his eyes. For many years he had adopted a system of docketing all paragraphs concerning men and things, so that it was difficult to name a subject or a person on which he could not at once furnish information. In this case I found her biography sandwiched in between that of a Hebrew rabbi and that of a staff-commander who had written a monograph upon the deep-sea fishes.
"Kiss me here," and he touched his cheek: "Thanks, thanks!"
"Know this, Masha: I can't reproach, have not reproached, and
"Kuzmich... From all sides... and then tears," someone repeated
"Labor and share alike." All were supposed to work in the fields and
"Lads! here's to our Sovereign, the Emperor, and victory over our
"Lads!" shouted Miloradovich in a loud, self-confident, and cheery
"Last Monday I had finished for the day and was dressing in my room above the opium den when I looked out of my window and saw, to my horror and astonishment, that my wife was standing in the street, with her eyes fixed full upon me. I gave a cry of surprise, threw up my arms to cover my face, and, rushing to my confidant, the Lascar, entreated him to prevent anyone from coming up to me. I heard her voice downstairs, but I knew that she could not ascend. Swiftly I threw off my clothes, pulled on those of a beggar, and put on my pigments and wig. Even a wife's eyes could not pierce so complete a disguise. But then it occurred to me that there might be a search in the room, and that the clothes might betray me. I threw open the window, reopening by my violence a small cut which I had inflicted upon myself in the bedroom that morning. Then I seized my coat, which was weighted by the coppers which I had just transferred to it from the leather bag in which I carried my takings. I hurled it out of the window, and 

"Last Monday Mr. Neville St. Clair went into town rather earlier than usual, remarking before he started that he had two important commissions to perform, and that he would bring his little boy home a box of bricks. Now, by the merest chance, his wife received a telegram upon this same Monday, very shortly after his departure, to the effect that a small parcel of considerable value which she had been expecting was waiting for her at the offices of the Aberdeen Shipping Company. Now, if you are well up in your London, you will know that the office of the company is in Fresno Street, which branches out of Upper Swandam Lane, where you found me to-night. Mrs. St. Clair had her lunch, started for the City, did some shopping, proceeded to the company's office, got her packet, and found herself at exactly 4:35 walking through Swandam Lane on her way back to the station. Have you followed me so far?"
"Last week he hurled the local blacksmith over a parapet into a stream, and it was only by paying over all the money which I could gather together that I was able to avert another public exposure. He had no friends at all save the wandering gipsies, and he would give these vagabonds leave to encamp upon the few acres of bramble-covered land which represent the family estate, and would accept in return the hospitality of their tents, wandering away with them sometimes for weeks on end. He has a passion also for Indian animals, which are sent over to him by a correspondent, and he has at this moment a cheetah and a baboon, which wander freely over his grounds and are feared by the villagers almost as much as their master.
"Lavwuska!" he shouted loudly and angrily, "take it off, blockhead!"
"Lazarev!" the colonel called, with a frown, and Lazarev, the
"Leave him alone," said Mary Hendrikhovna, smiling timidly and
"Leave off, Mamma! I don't think, and don't want to think about
"Let God and our gweat monarch judge me afterwards!" said Denisov
"Let the bold and insolent Goliath from the borders of France
"Let us elect only a few men and make them clearly responsible for the
"Let us go and have supper," he said with a sigh, going to the door.
"Let us go and see my sister," he said to Pierre when he returned.
"Let us go to her, I must say good-by. Or--go and wake and I'll come
"Let us have everything in its due order." Holmes thrust his long thin legs out towards the fire and composed himself to listen.
"Liberty and equality," said the vicomte contemptuously, as if at
"Life is everything. Life is God. Everything changes and moves and
"Lift it two lines more and it will be just right," cried he in a
"Like my father?" asked the boy, flushing crimson and looking up
"Long ago," answered Rostov, "I have already been for the hay, and
"Look at Papa!" shouted Natasha to the whole company, and quite
"Look here, Watson," he said when the cloth was cleared "just sit down in this chair and let me preach to you for a little. I don't know quite what to do, and I should value your advice. Light a cigar and let me expound."
"Look out!" came a frightened cry from a soldier and, like a bird
"Look then at thy inner self with the eyes of the spirit, and ask
"Look, his mustache and eyelashes are all white!" said one of the
"Lord God of might, God of our salvation! Look this day in mercy and
"Lord Jesus Christ, holy Saint Nicholas, Frola and Lavra! Lord Jesus
"Lord Robert St. Simon," announced our page-boy, throwing open the door. A gentleman entered, with a pleasant, cultured face, high-nosed and pale, with something perhaps of petulance about the mouth, and with the steady, well-opened eye of a man whose pleasant lot it had ever been to command and to be obeyed. His manner was brisk, and yet his general appearance gave an undue impression of age, for he had a slight forward stoop and a little bend of the knees as he walked. His hair, too, as he swept off his very curly-brimmed hat, was grizzled round the edges and thin upon the top. As to his dress, it was careful to the verge of foppishness, with high collar, black frock-coat, white waistcoat, yellow gloves, patent-leather shoes, and light-coloured gaiters. He advanced slowly into the room, turning his head from left to right, and swinging in his right hand the cord which held his golden eyeglasses.
"Louis XIV was a very proud and self-confident man; he had such
"Louis XVI was executed because they said he was dishonorable and
"MY DEAR MR. SHERLOCK HOLMES,--You really did it very well. You took me in completely. Until after the alarm of fire, I had not a suspicion. But then, when I found how I had betrayed myself, I began to think. I had been warned against you months ago. I had been told that, if the King employed an agent, it would certainly be you. And your address had been given me. Yet, with all this, you made me reveal what you wanted to know. Even after I became suspicious, I found it hard to think evil of such a dear, kind old clergyman. But, you know, I have been trained as an actress myself. Male costume is nothing new to me. I often take advantage of the freedom which it gives. I sent John, the coachman, to watch you, ran upstairs, got into my walking clothes, as I call them, and came down just as you departed.
"Magna Carta of Labor" and a vindication of his policy. As a matter of
"Makarka" (their name for Makarin) "will go through fire and water
"Mamma darling!" said Natasha, kneeling by her mother and bringing
"Mamma! What sweets are we going to have?" and Natasha's voice
"Mamma, don't cry! Only tell me that you wish it, and you know I
"Marry me, and I will be your slave!"
"Mary," she said, moving away from the embroidery frame and lying
"Marya Lvovna Karagina and her daughter!" announced the countess'
"May I call in that boy who was taken prisoner and give him
"May I go in and look?"
"May I join you?" said Dimmler who had come up quietly, and he sat
"Mind, walk him up and down well!"
"Missed!" shouted Dolokhov, and he lay helplessly, face downwards on
"Missing," it said, "on the morning of the fourteenth, a gentleman named Hosmer Angel. About five ft. seven in. in height; strongly built, sallow complexion, black hair, a little bald in the centre, bushy, black side-whiskers and moustache; tinted glasses, slight infirmity of speech. Was dressed, when last seen, in black frock-coat faced with silk, black waistcoat, gold Albert chain, and grey Harris tweed trousers, with brown gaiters over elastic-sided boots. Known to have been employed in an office in Leadenhall Street. Anybody bringing--"
"Mon Dieu, mon Dieu!" she muttered, and lifting her dress with one
"Monsieur de Bal-macheve." But royaute oblige!* and he felt it
"More than that. It is probable. And now you see the deadly urgency of this new case, and why I urged young Openshaw to caution. The blow has always fallen at the end of the time which it would take the senders to travel the distance. But this one comes from London, and therefore we cannot count upon delay."
"Most Gracious Sovereign and Emperor!" Prince Vasili sternly
"Mot d'ordre," repeated the sentinel, barring the way and not
"Move on a hundred yards and we are certainly saved, remain here
"Mr. Henry Baker, I believe," said he, rising from his armchair and greeting his visitor with the easy air of geniality which he could so readily assume. "Pray take this chair by the fire, Mr. Baker. It is a cold night, and I observe that your circulation is more adapted for summer than for winter. Ah, Watson, you have just come at the right time. Is that your hat, Mr. Baker?"
"Mr. Hosmer Angel came to the house again and proposed that we should marry before father came back. He was in dreadful earnest and made me swear, with my hands on the Testament, that whatever happened I would always be true to him. Mother said he was quite right to make me swear, and that it was a sign of his passion. Mother was all in his favour from the first and was even fonder of him than I was. Then, when they talked of marrying within the week, I began to ask about father; but they both said never to mind about father, but just to tell him afterwards, and mother said she would make it all right with him. I didn't quite like that, Mr. Holmes. It seemed funny that I should ask his leave, as he was only a few years older than me; but I didn't want to do anything on the sly, so I wrote to father at Bordeaux, where the company has its French offices, but the letter came back to me on the very morning of the wedding."
"Mr. James McCarthy, the only son of the deceased, was then called and gave evidence as follows: 'I had been away from home for three days at Bristol, and had only just returned upon the morning of last Monday, the 3rd. My father was absent from home at the time of my arrival, and I was informed by the maid that he had driven over to Ross with John Cobb, the groom. Shortly after my return I heard the wheels of his trap in the yard, and, looking out of my window, I saw him get out and walk rapidly out of the yard, though I was not aware in which direction he was going. I then took my gun and strolled out in the direction of the Boscombe Pool, with the intention of visiting the rabbit warren which is upon the other side. On my way I saw William Crowder, the game-keeper, as he had stated in his evidence; but he is mistaken in thinking that I was following my father. I had no idea that he was in front of me. When about a hundred yards from the pool I heard a cry of "Cooee!" which was a usual signal between my fa

"Mr. John Turner," cried the hotel waiter, opening the door of our sitting-room, and ushering in a visitor.
"Mrs. St. Clair had fainted at the sight of the blood upon the window, and she was escorted home in a cab by the police, as her presence could be of no help to them in their investigations. Inspector Barton, who had charge of the case, made a very careful examination of the premises, but without finding anything which threw any light upon the matter. One mistake had been made in not arresting Boone instantly, as he was allowed some few minutes during which he might have communicated with his friend the Lascar, but this fault was soon remedied, and he was seized and searched, without anything being found which could incriminate him. There were, it is true, some blood-stains upon his right shirt-sleeve, but he pointed to his ring-finger, which had been cut near the nail, and explained that the bleeding came from there, adding that he had been to the window not long before, and that the stains which had been observed there came doubtless from the same source. He denied strenuously having ever seen Mr. Neville S

"Much as Mamma pressed her, she refused, and I know she won't change
"My God, I'm a ruined and dishonored man! A bullet through my
"My cabby drove fast. I don't think I ever drove faster, but the others were there before us. The cab and the landau with their steaming horses were in front of the door when I arrived. I paid the man and hurried into the church. There was not a soul there save the two whom I had followed and a surpliced clergyman, who seemed to be expostulating with them. They were all three standing in a knot in front of the altar. I lounged up the side aisle like any other idler who has dropped into a church. Suddenly, to my surprise, the three at the altar faced round to me, and Godfrey Norton came running as hard as he could towards me.
"My cousin has nothing to do with this and it's not necessary to
"My dear Anna Mikhaylovna," said he with his usual familiarity and
"My dear Holmes," said I, "this is too much. You would certainly have been burned, had you lived a few centuries ago. It is true that I had a country walk on Thursday and came home in a dreadful mess, but as I have changed my clothes I can't imagine how you deduce it. As to Mary Jane, she is incorrigible, and my wife has given her notice, but there, again, I fail to see how you work it out."
"My dear Watson, you as a medical man are continually gaining light as to the tendencies of a child by the study of the parents. Don't you see that the converse is equally valid. I have frequently gained my first real insight into the character of parents by studying their children. This child's disposition is abnormally cruel, merely for cruelty's sake, and whether he derives this from his smiling father, as I should suspect, or from his mother, it bodes evil for the poor girl who is in their power."
"My dear fellow, I know you well. I know the military neatness which characterises you. You shave every morning, and in this season you shave by the sunlight; but since your shaving is less and less complete as we get farther back on the left side, until it becomes positively slovenly as we get round the angle of the jaw, it is surely very clear that that side is less illuminated than the other. I could not imagine a man of your habits looking at himself in an equal light and being satisfied with such a result. I only quote this as a trivial example of observation and inference. Therein lies my metier, and it is just possible that it may be of some service in the investigation which lies before us. There are one or two minor points which were brought out in the inquest, and which are worth considering."
"My dear fellow, there lies the problem. It is true that 'For Mrs. Henry Baker' was printed upon a small card which was tied to the bird's left leg, and it is also true that the initials 'H. B.' are legible upon the lining of this hat, but as there are some thousands of Bakers, and some hundreds of Henry Bakers in this city of ours, it is not easy to restore lost property to any one of them."
"My dear madam," said I, "I am an old campaigner, and if I were not I can very well see that no apology is needed. If I can be of any assistance, either to you or to my friend here, I shall be indeed happy."
"My eye caught the name of Openshaw, and the heading 'Tragedy Near Waterloo Bridge.' Here is the account:
"My mother! My mother, my angel, my adored angel mother," and
"My name is Helen Stoner, and I am living with my stepfather, who is the last survivor of one of the oldest Saxon families in England, the Roylotts of Stoke Moran, on the western border of Surrey."
"My sister had told me some weeks before that I might have the pick of her geese for a Christmas present, and I knew that she was always as good as her word. I would take my goose now, and in it I would carry my stone to Kilburn. There was a little shed in the yard, and behind this I drove one of the birds--a fine big one, white, with a barred tail. I caught it, and prying its bill open, I thrust the stone down its throat as far as my finger could reach. The bird gave a gulp, and I felt the stone pass along its gullet and down into its crop. But the creature flapped and struggled, and out came my sister to know what was the matter. As I turned to speak to her the brute broke loose and fluttered off among the others.
"My uncle Elias emigrated to America when he was a young man and became a planter in Florida, where he was reported to have done very well. At the time of the war he fought in Jackson's army, and afterwards under Hood, where he rose to be a colonel. When Lee laid down his arms my uncle returned to his plantation, where he remained for three or four years. About 1869 or 1870 he came back to Europe and took a small estate in Sussex, near Horsham. He had made a very considerable fortune in the States, and his reason for leaving them was his aversion to the negroes, and his dislike of the Republican policy in extending the franchise to them. He was a singular man, fierce and quick-tempered, very foul-mouthed when he was angry, and of a most retiring disposition. During all the years that he lived at Horsham, I doubt if ever he set foot in the town. He had a garden and two or three fields round his house, and there he would take his exercise, though very often for weeks on end he would never leave his room. He dr

"Natasha is not quite well; she's in her room and would like to
"Natasha," said she, "you asked me not to speak to you, and I
"Never mind him. I may want your help, and so may he. Here he comes. Sit down in that armchair, Doctor, and give us your best attention."
"Never mind! You're young folks yet, and please God may still have
"No good... no good..." said the prince rapidly, and thrusting his
"No one is right and no one is to blame; so she too is not to
"No, I considered it erroneous and did not follow it," said
"No, I do not think so. I think that there was probably some more tangible cause. And now, Miss Stoner, we must leave you for if Dr. Roylott returned and saw us our journey would be in vain. Good-bye, and be brave, for if you will do what I have told you, you may rest assured that we shall soon drive away the dangers that threaten you."
"No, I don't think you would guess. Every pocket stuffed with pennies and half-pennies--421 pennies and 270 half-pennies. It was no wonder that it had not been swept away by the tide. But a human body is a different matter. There is a fierce eddy between the wharf and the house. It seemed likely enough that the weighted coat had remained when the stripped body had been sucked away into the river."
"No, I have not; but this is what I have been thinking and wanted to
"No, I must go. My heart is lightened already since I have confided my trouble to you. I shall look forward to seeing you again this afternoon." She dropped her thick black veil over her face and glided from the room.
"No, I shall commence with the City. Just ring the bell and the maid will bring up your coffee."
"No, I went to look at the fire, and they arrested me there, and
"No, I won't," said Pierre, pushing Anatole aside, and he went up to
"No, I've come on my own," answered Pierre, and he went down the
"No, Natasha and I sometimes don't go to sleep till after two, so
"No, alone. She was very independent in little matters like that. Then, after we had sat down for ten minutes or so, she rose hurriedly, muttered some words of apology, and left the room. She never came back."
"No, and if I had I shouldn't have recognized her."
"No, and the general's out too."
"No, but I observe the second half of a return ticket in the palm of your left glove. You must have started early, and yet you had a good drive in a dog-cart, along heavy roads, before you reached the station."
"No, but I want something else. I want peasant clothes and a
"No, but imagine the old Countess Zubova, with false curls and her
"No, but she said that it was all over and that he's now an
"No, but this horrible man confessed to having been there, and the Lascar was at the foot of the stairs."
"No, but what is it, my dear? Do you want me to go and tell him?"
"No, friend, he is sharper-eyed than you are. Boots and leg bands...
"No, friend," said a pleasant and, as it seemed to Prince Andrew,
"No, he will make his entry tomorrow," he replied, and continued his
"No, he's not a fool!" replied Natasha indignantly and seriously.
"No, he's not dead--it's impossible!" she told herself and
"No, impossible!" said Prince Andrew, laughing and pressing Pierre's
"No, it's the chorus from The Water-Carrier, listen!" and Natasha
"No, no!" cried Natasha, "she and I have already talked it over.
"No, no, he found it. Its owner is unknown. I beg that you will look upon it not as a battered billycock but as an intellectual problem. And, first, as to how it came here. It arrived upon Christmas morning, in company with a good fat goose, which is, I have no doubt, roasting at this moment in front of Peterson's fire. The facts are these: about four o'clock on Christmas morning, Peterson, who, as you know, is a very honest fellow, was returning from some small jollification and was making his way homeward down Tottenham Court Road. In front of him he saw, in the gaslight, a tallish man, walking with a slight stagger, and carrying a white goose slung over his shoulder. As he reached the corner of Goodge Street, a row broke out between this stranger and a little knot of roughs. One of the latter knocked off the man's hat, on which he raised his stick to defend himself and, swinging it over his head, smashed the shop window behind him. Peterson had rushed forward to protect the stranger from his assailants; b

"No, no. I'll go out to them," said Princess Mary, and in spite of
"No, no. No crime," said Sherlock Holmes, laughing. "Only one of those whimsical little incidents which will happen when you have four million human beings all jostling each other within the space of a few square miles. Amid the action and reaction of so dense a swarm of humanity, every possible combination of events may be expected to take place, and many a little problem will be presented which may be striking and bizarre without being criminal. We have already had experience of such."
"No, not on any account! I will tell him myself, and you'll listen
"No, on the contrary, on the contrary! His face was cheerful, and he
"No, she has dressed and gone into the drawing room," said Sonya.
"No, sir, but the facts might be met speciously enough. Suppose that this man Boone had thrust Neville St. Clair through the window, there is no human eye which could have seen the deed. What would he do then? It would of course instantly strike him that he must get rid of the tell-tale garments. He would seize the coat, then, and be in the act of throwing it out, when it would occur to him that it would swim and not sink. He has little time, for he has heard the scuffle downstairs when the wife tried to force her way up, and perhaps he has already heard from his Lascar confederate that the police are hurrying up the street. There is not an instant to be lost. He rushes to some secret hoard, where he has accumulated the fruits of his beggary, and he stuffs all the coins upon which he can lay his hands into the pockets to make sure of the coat's sinking. He throws it out, and would have done the same with the other garments had not he heard the rush of steps below, and only just had time to close the window w

"No, sir. But I want to find out about them, and who they are, and what their object was in playing this prank--if it was a prank--upon me. It was a pretty expensive joke for them, for it cost them two and thirty pounds."
"No, the chief point is that to Nicholas ideas and discussions are
"No, there's not much to be amused at here," said Rostov, and rode
"No, you know it's too soon for news. But my father is anxious and I
"No," answered Nicholas, and lay back on his pillow.
"No," cried he, becoming more and more eager, "Napoleon is great
"No. They were found floating near the margin by a park-keeper. They have been identified as her clothes, and it seemed to me that if the clothes were there the body would not be far off."
"No: we must declare ourselves a free people." Others hesitated and
"No; we don't keep a cat. But there is a cheetah and a baboon."
"No? She is very nice and kind and, above all, she's much to be
"None at all," said Holmes. "They are coiners on a large scale, and have used the machine to form the amalgam which has taken the place of silver."
"None at all. I was inclined to think at one time that he knew who had done it and was screening him or her, but I am convinced now that he is as puzzled as everyone else. He is not a very quick-witted youth, though comely to look at and, I should think, sound at heart."
"None save my partner with his family and an occasional friend of Arthur's. Sir George Burnwell has been several times lately. No one else, I think."
"Nonsense!" he cried, and the veins on his forehead and neck stood
"Not at all. I am glad to have a friend with whom I can discuss my results. The matter is a perfectly trivial one"--he jerked his thumb in the direction of the old hat--"but there are points in connection with it which are not entirely devoid of interest and even of instruction."
"Not at all. This gentleman, Mr. Wilson, has been my partner and helper in many of my most successful cases, and I have no doubt that he will be of the utmost use to me in yours also."
"Not invisible but unnoticed, Watson. You did not know where to look, and so you missed all that was important. I can never bring you to realise the importance of sleeves, the suggestiveness of thumb-nails, or the great issues that may hang from a boot-lace. Now, what did you gather from that woman's appearance? Describe it."
"Not let the wife have him?" said the old man, and laughed.
"Not only occupied, but Bonaparte is at Schonbrunn, and the count,
"Not yet!" interposed Napoleon, and, as if fearing to give vent to
"Nothing new, except that the soldiers are robbing and pillaging-
"Nothing, until my uncle here began to speak loudly. I heard that, and I came down."
"Nothing," said he and turned again to the horses.
"Nous verrons," answered Holmes calmly. "You work your own method, and I shall work mine. I shall be busy this afternoon, and shall probably return to London by the evening train."
"Now I am all right," she said, and asking the vicomte to begin, she
"Now a pawnbroker's business is mostly done of an evening, Mr. Holmes, especially Thursday and Friday evening, which is just before pay-day; so it would suit me very well to earn a little in the mornings. Besides, I knew that my assistant was a good man, and that he would see to anything that turned up.
"Now for Mr. Breckinridge," he continued, buttoning up his coat as we came out into the frosty air. "Remember, Watson that though we have so homely a thing as a goose at one end of this chain, we have at the other a man who will certainly get seven years' penal servitude unless we can establish his innocence. It is possible that our inquiry may but confirm his guilt; but, in any case, we have a line of investigation which has been missed by the police, and which a singular chance has placed in our hands. Let us follow it out to the bitter end. Faces to the south, then, and quick march!"
"Now he is censured and accused by all who were enthusiastic about
"Now softly, softly die away!" and the sounds obeyed him. "Now
"Now then, all together--shove!" cried the voices, and the huge
"Now then, go away and take your monstrosity with you," said the
"Now then, go on, go on!" incited the officer, bending forward and
"Now then, you devil's puppet, look alive and hunt for it!"
"Now, Mr. Holmes, you know the people who live under my roof, and I shall continue with my miserable story.
"Now, dear boy," said Prince Vasili playfully, "say 'yes,' and
"Now, it is a fact, gentlemen, as you may see for yourselves, that my hair is of a very full and rich tint, so that it seemed to me that if there was to be any competition in the matter I stood as good a chance as any man that I had ever met. Vincent Spaulding seemed to know so much about it that I thought he might prove useful, so I just ordered him to put up the shutters for the day and to come right away with me. He was very willing to have a holiday, so we shut the business up and started off for the address that was given us in the advertisement.
"Now, my dear sir," said Holmes. "is it not obvious to you now that this matter really strikes very much deeper than either you or the police were at first inclined to think? It appeared to you to be a simple case; to me it seems exceedingly complex. Consider what is involved by your theory. You suppose that your son came down from his bed, went, at great risk, to your dressing-room, opened your bureau, took out your coronet, broke off by main force a small portion of it, went off to some other place, concealed three gems out of the thirty-nine, with such skill that nobody can find them, and then returned with the other thirty-six into the room in which he exposed himself to the greatest danger of being discovered. I ask you now, is such a theory tenable?"
"Now, my lad, we'll go and get dwy," he said to Petya.
"Now, then, mister," said he, with his head cocked and his arms akimbo, "what are you driving at? Let's have it straight, now."
"Now?" repeated Natasha, and a happy smile lit up her face. "Have
"O Lord God! Thou who art in that heaven, save, forgive, and protect
"O Lord our God, in whom we believe and in whom we put our trust,
"O-ne! T-wo! Thwee!" he shouted angrily and stepped aside.
"Of course, we still have the feathers, legs, crop, and so on of your own bird, so if you wish--"
"Oh well... it can't be helped!" said he in a tone of vexation and
"Oh yes!" said Pierre, rousing himself and rising hurriedly. "Look
"Oh yes, and what do the Masonic brothers say about war? How would
"Oh! Oh! Oh!" groaned Kutuzov despairingly and looked around....
"Oh, Anstruther would do your work for you. You have been looking a little pale lately. I think that the change would do you good, and you are always so interested in Mr. Sherlock Holmes' cases."
"Oh, I have heard of that fellow," answered my visitor, "and I should be very glad if he would take the matter up, though of course I must use the official police as well. Would you give me an introduction to him?"
"Oh, I'll go across and have a look...."
"Oh, I'll go and see," said Pierre, jumping up. "You know," he
"Oh, Mr. Sherlock Holmes!" she cried, glancing from one to the other of us, and finally, with a woman's quick intuition, fastening upon my companion, "I am so glad that you have come. I have driven down to tell you so. I know that James didn't do it. I know it, and I want you to start upon your work knowing it, too. Never let yourself doubt upon that point. We have known each other since we were little children, and I know his faults as no one else does; but he is too tender-hearted to hurt a fly. Such a charge is absurd to anyone who really knows him."
"Oh, Natasha!" said Sonya, looking ecstatically and earnestly at her
"Oh, a trusty comrade is always of use; and a chronicler still more so. My room at The Cedars is a double-bedded one."
"Oh, but he had only picked it up to look at it. Oh, do, do take my word for it that he is innocent. Let the matter drop and say no more. It is so dreadful to think of our dear Arthur in prison!"
"Oh, fresh and glossy."
"Oh, he has his faults, too," said Mr. Wilson. "Never was such a fellow for photography. Snapping away with a camera when he ought to be improving his mind, and then diving down into the cellar like a rabbit into its hole to develop his pictures. That is his main fault, but on the whole he's a good worker. There's no vice in him."
"Oh, how lovely! Now go to sleep, and there's an end of it."
"Oh, how nice," thought Natasha; and when Sonya and Nicholas had
"Oh, how strange you are with that mustache and those eyebrows!...
"Oh, how terrible," said Sonya returning from the yard chilled and
"Oh, if you say so, Mr. Jones, it is all right," said the stranger with deference. "Still, I confess that I miss my rubber. It is the first Saturday night for seven-and-twenty years that I have not had my rubber."
"Oh, it is childish. She dropped her bouquet as we went towards the vestry. She was passing the front pew at the time, and it fell over into the pew. There was a moment's delay, but the gentleman in the pew handed it up to her again, and it did not appear to be the worse for the fall. Yet when I spoke to her of the matter, she answered me abruptly; and in the carriage, on our way home, she seemed absurdly agitated over this trifling cause."
"Oh, it won't do--really it won't," said Holmes suavely. "There is no possible getting out of it, Mr. Windibank. It is quite too transparent, and it was a very bad compliment when you said that it was impossible for me to solve so simple a question. That's right! Sit down and let us talk it over."
"Oh, leave off, you always talk nonsense and keep putting things
"Oh, little countess!"... and the count began bustling to get out
"Oh, my God! thank God!" said Princess Mary. "I must go and meet
"Oh, my bower new...!" chimed in twenty voices, and the castanet
"Oh, my night could not be called monotonous," said he, and laughed. He laughed very heartily, with a high, ringing note, leaning back in his chair and shaking his sides. All my medical instincts rose up against that laugh.
"Oh, no, no! I want the doctor's advice and help, too. It's about Isa. He has not been home for two days. I am so frightened about him!"
"Oh, no, no!" And besides the pallor and the physical suffering on
"Oh, no, not at all," said Boris. "But if you are tired, come and
"Oh, no, not now. I shall have to tell my tale to the police; but, between ourselves, if it were not for the convincing evidence of this wound of mine, I should be surprised if they believed my statement, for it is a very extraordinary one, and I have not much in the way of proof with which to back it up; and, even if they believe me, the clues which I can give them are so vague that it is a question whether justice will be done."
"Oh, no, sir! He was too good and kind to leave me so. Why, all the morning he was saying to me that, whatever happened, I was to be true; and that even if something quite unforeseen occurred to separate us, I was always to remember that I was pledged to him, and that he would claim his pledge sooner or later. It seemed strange talk for a wedding-morning, but what has happened since gives a meaning to it."
"Oh, no, sir. It is quite separate and was left me by my uncle Ned in Auckland. It is in New Zealand stock, paying 4 1/4 per cent. Two thousand five hundred pounds was the amount, but I can only touch the interest."
"Oh, nonsense, nonsense!" Anatole ejaculated and again made a
"Oh, oh, oh! What have they done?" the prisoners on one side and
"Oh, quicker, quicker! To get back to that time and have done with
"Oh, she has turned all the men's heads down in that part. She is the daintiest thing under a bonnet on this planet. So say the Serpentine-mews, to a man. She lives quietly, sings at concerts, drives out at five every day, and returns at seven sharp for dinner. Seldom goes out at other times, except when she sings. Has only one male visitor, but a good deal of him. He is dark, handsome, and dashing, never calls less than once a day, and often twice. He is a Mr. Godfrey Norton, of the Inner Temple. See the advantages of a cabman as a confidant. They had driven him home a dozen times from Serpentine-mews, and knew all about him. When I had listened to all they had to tell, I began to walk up and down near Briony Lodge once more, and to think over my plan of campaign.
"Oh, so so. Nothing to complain of. I have been out to Streatham since I saw you last, but I did not call at the house. It is a very sweet little problem, and I would not have missed it for a good deal. However, I must not sit gossiping here, but must get these disreputable clothes off and return to my highly respectable self."
"Oh, that is all the same," Dolgorukov said quickly, and getting
"Oh, that would be so dread..." she began and, prevented by
"Oh, the devil!" exclaimed Denisov angrily, and showing his teeth he
"Oh, the faiwy! She can do anything with me!" said Denisov, and he
"Oh, those Moscow gossips!" said Dolokhov, and he took up the
"Oh, tut, tut! I have no time! That left foot of yours with its inward twist is all over the place. A mole could trace it, and there it vanishes among the reeds. Oh, how simple it would all have been had I been here before they came like a herd of buffalo and wallowed all over it. Here is where the party with the lodge-keeper came, and they have covered all tracks for six or eight feet round the body. But here are three separate tracks of the same feet." He drew out a lens and lay down upon his waterproof to have a better view, talking all the time rather to himself than to us. "These are young McCarthy's feet. Twice he was walking, and once he ran swiftly, so that the soles are deeply marked and the heels hardly visible. That bears out his story. He ran when he saw his father on the ground. Then here are the father's feet as he paced up and down. What is this, then? It is the butt-end of the gun as the son stood listening. And this? Ha, ha! What have we here? Tiptoes! tiptoes! Square, too, quite unusual boo

"Oh, undoubtedly!" said Prince Andrew, and with sudden and unnatural
"Oh, vile and heartless brood!" he exclaimed, and left the room.
"Oh, wait, please!" And Natasha began rapidly and deftly sorting out
"Oh, we shall soon clear up all that," said Bradstreet. "Well, I have drawn my circle, and I only wish I knew at what point upon it the folk that we are in search of are to be found."
"Oh, well then, good-by: go and dress. Is he very terrible,
"Oh, well, he was very good about it. He laughed, I remember, and shrugged his shoulders, and said there was no use denying anything to a woman, for she would have her way."
"Oh, what a nuisance," said Dolgorukov, getting up hurriedly and
"Oh, what a pig I am, not to have written and to have given them
"Oh, women, women!" and the captain, looking with glistening eyes at
"Oh, yes, I know that I have treated you real bad and that I should have spoken to you before I went; but I was kind of rattled, and from the time when I saw Frank here again I just didn't know what I was doing or saying. I only wonder I didn't fall down and do a faint right there before the altar."
"Oh, yes, Mr. Holmes. We were engaged after the first walk that we took. Hosmer--Mr. Angel--was a cashier in an office in Leadenhall Street--and--"
"Oh, yes, in a minute; wait... or no! No, of course... go and say
"Oh, yes, mother is alive and well. I wasn't best pleased, Mr. Holmes, when she married again so soon after father's death, and a man who was nearly fifteen years younger than herself. Father was a plumber in the Tottenham Court Road, and he left a tidy business behind him, which mother carried on with Mr. Hardy, the foreman; but when Mr. Windibank came he made her sell the business, for he was very superior, being a traveller in wines. They got $4700 for the goodwill and interest, which wasn't near as much as father could have got if he had been alive."
"Oh, yes... I'll lie down at once," said Natasha, and began
"Oh, yes; plenty. Then there is another note in the Morning Post to say that the marriage would be an absolutely quiet one, that it would be at St. George's, Hanover Square, that only half a dozen intimate friends would be invited, and that the party would return to the furnished house at Lancaster Gate which has been taken by Mr. Aloysius Doran. Two days later--that is, on Wednesday last--there is a curt announcement that the wedding had taken place, and that the honeymoon would be passed at Lord Backwater's place, near Petersfield. Those are all the notices which appeared before the disappearance of the bride."
"Oh, you are there!" said Sonya with a start, and came near and
"Oh, you must not discourage me, Mr. Holmes. I know that all is well with him. There is so keen a sympathy between us that I should know if evil came upon him. On the very day that I saw him last he cut himself in the bedroom, and yet I in the dining-room rushed upstairs instantly with the utmost certainty that something had happened. Do you think that I would respond to such a trifle and yet be ignorant of his death?"
"On June 3rd, that is, on Monday last, McCarthy left his house at Hatherley about three in the afternoon and walked down to the Boscombe Pool, which is a small lake formed by the spreading out of the stream which runs down the Boscombe Valley. He had been out with his serving-man in the morning at Ross, and he had told the man that he must hurry, as he had an appointment of importance to keep at three. From that appointment he never came back alive.
"On Tuesday between eight and nine. It will give me great pleasure."
"On entering the house, however, I examined, as you remember, the sill and framework of the hall window with my lens, and I could at once see that someone had passed out. I could distinguish the outline of an instep where the wet foot had been placed in coming in. I was then beginning to be able to form an opinion as to what had occurred. A man had waited outside the window; someone had brought the gems; the deed had been overseen by your son; he had pursued the thief; had struggled with him; they had each tugged at the coronet, their united strength causing injuries which neither alone could have effected. He had returned with the prize, but had left a fragment in the grasp of his opponent. So far I was clear. The question now was, who was the man and who was it brought him the coronet?
"On the contrary," he said, in a querulous and angry tone that
"On the contrary," said Holmes, "it is the brightest rift which I can at present see in the clouds. However innocent he might be, he could not be such an absolute imbecile as not to see that the circumstances were very black against him. Had he appeared surprised at his own arrest, or feigned indignation at it, I should have looked upon it as highly suspicious, because such surprise or anger would not be natural under the circumstances, and yet might appear to be the best policy to a scheming man. His frank acceptance of the situation marks him as either an innocent man, or else as a man of considerable self-restraint and firmness. As to his remark about his deserts, it was also not unnatural if you consider that he stood beside the dead body of his father, and that there is no doubt that he had that very day so far forgotten his filial duty as to bandy words with him, and even, according to the little girl whose evidence is so important, to raise his hand as if to strike him. The self-reproach and contritio

"On the feeling that is in me and in him," he pointed to Timokhin,
"Once she had missed it and turned it away, any mongrel could take
"One day a gold convoy came down from Ballarat to Melbourne, and we lay in wait for it and attacked it. There were six troopers and six of us, so it was a close thing, but we emptied four of their saddles at the first volley. Three of our boys were killed, however, before we got the swag. I put my pistol to the head of the wagon-driver, who was this very man McCarthy. I wish to the Lord that I had shot him then, but I spared him, though I saw his wicked little eyes fixed on my face, as though to remember every feature. We got away with the gold, became wealthy men, and made our way over to England without being suspected. There I parted from my old pals and determined to settle down to a quiet and respectable life. I bought this estate, which chanced to be in the market, and I set myself to do a little good with my money, to make up for the way in which I had earned it. I married, too, and though my wife died young she left me my dear little Alice. Even when she was just a baby her wee hand seemed to lead me

"One day--it was in March, 1883--a letter with a foreign stamp lay upon the table in front of the colonel's plate. It was not a common thing for him to receive letters, for his bills were all paid in ready money, and he had no friends of any sort. 'From India!' said he as he took it up, 'Pondicherry postmark! What can this be?' Opening it hurriedly, out there jumped five little dried orange pips, which pattered down upon his plate. I began to laugh at this, but the laugh was struck from my lips at the sight of his face. His lip had fallen, his eyes were protruding, his skin the colour of putty, and he glared at the envelope which he still held in his trembling hand, 'K. K. K.!' he shrieked, and then, 'My God, my God, my sins have overtaken me!'
"One moment, one moment!" replied the adjutant, and riding up to a
"One moment," Holmes interposed, "your statement is, I foresee, one of the most remarkable to which I have ever listened. Let me have the date of the reception by your uncle of the letter, and the date of his supposed suicide."
"One moment," said Holmes, "are you sure about this whistle and metallic sound? Could you swear to it?"
"One thing has come on top of another: her rags to buy, and now a
"One was damaged," answered the staff officer, "and the other I
"Only fools and rakes fall ill, my boy. You know me: I am busy
"Only let me report this gentleman's business, and I shall be at
"Only not for this..." Pierre suddenly exclaimed with a laugh, and
"Only take care you and your Cossacks are not all captured!" said
"Only, for God's sake, Princess dear, have them sent away and
"Onterkoff," said the captain and looked at Pierre for some
"Ooh, ooh, ooh!" grunted the Tartar, and suddenly lifting up his
"Or being upset because someone else's borzoi and not mine catches
"Our business is to do our duty, to fight and not to think! That's
"Our lives and property--take them, Your Majesty!"
"Our quest is practically finished. I shall call with the King to-morrow, and with you, if you care to come with us. We will be shown into the sitting-room to wait for the lady, but it is probable that when she comes she may find neither us nor the photograph. It might be a satisfaction to his Majesty to regain it with his own hands."
"Ours is a common misfortune and we will share it together. All that
"Owe!" He caught up a pen. "Name the sum, and I will pay it."
"Papa, he is a blackguard and a thief! I know he is! And what I have
"Pass on, pass on!" the captain reiterated, frowning sternly, and
"Pe... Petya... Go, go, she... is calling..." and weeping like a
"People are always too clever with their eldest children and try
"People speak of misfortunes and sufferings," remarked Pierre,
"Perhaps I have. Perhaps all is over between me and Bolkonski. Why
"Perhaps, Mrs. Moulton, you would like my friend and me to leave the room while you explain this matter?"
"Perhaps," coldly and angrily replied Dolokhov, glancing at Sonya,
"Permit me, Princess, to know what is necessary and what is not
"Pierre is a rich man, I must entice him to marry my daughter and lend
"Piti-piti-piti and ti-ti and piti-piti-piti boom!" flopped the
"Platon Karataev?" he repeated, and pondered, evidently sincerely
"Please come and visit us... you know my brave boy... been
"Please come in here. The masters are going away and the whole house
"Please have a look at it"--and Kutuzov with an ironical smile about
"Posterity will do him justice," he concluded, and at once turned to
"Pray compose yourself, sir," said Holmes, "and let me have a clear account of who you are and what it is that has befallen you."
"Pray take a seat," said Holmes. "This is my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson, who is occasionally good enough to help me in my cases. Whom have I the honour to address?"
"Precisely so, on December 22nd, just five days ago. John Horner, a plumber, was accused of having abstracted it from the lady's jewel-case. The evidence against him was so strong that the case has been referred to the Assizes. I have some account of the matter here, I believe." He rummaged amid his newspapers, glancing over the dates, until at last he smoothed one out, doubled it over, and read the following paragraph:
"Precisely so. Head attendant at the Hotel Cosmopolitan. Pray step into the cab, and I shall soon be able to tell you everything which you would wish to know."
"Precisely so. I ought to know its size and shape, seeing that I have read the advertisement about it in The Times every day lately. It is absolutely unique, and its value can only be conjectured, but the reward offered of $1000 is certainly not within a twentieth part of the market price."
"Precisely. And the man who wrote the note is a German. Do you note the peculiar construction of the sentence--'This account of you we have from all quarters received.' A Frenchman or Russian could not have written that. It is the German who is so uncourteous to his verbs. It only remains, therefore, to discover what is wanted by this German who writes upon Bohemian paper and prefers wearing a mask to showing his face. And here he comes, if I am not mistaken, to resolve all our doubts."
"Precisely. It was I. I found that I had my man, so I came home and changed my clothes. It was a delicate part which I had to play then, for I saw that a prosecution must be avoided to avert scandal, and I knew that so astute a villain would see that our hands were tied in the matter. I went and saw him. At first, of course, he denied everything. But when I gave him every particular that had occurred, he tried to bluster and took down a life-preserver from the wall. I knew my man, however, and I clapped a pistol to his head before he could strike. Then he became a little more reasonable. I told him that we would give him a price for the stones he held--$1000 apiece. That brought out the first signs of grief that he had shown. 'Why, dash it all!' said he, 'I've let them go at six hundred for the three!' I soon managed to get the address of the receiver who had them, on promising him that there would be no prosecution. Off I set to him, and after much chaffering I got our stones at $1000 apiece. Then I looked 

"Prince Andrew's? We shall pass it and I'll take you to him."
"Prince Auersperg is on this, on our side of the river, and is
"Princess, I must warn you," she added, lowering her voice and
"Progressive" to their old title and began to organize a movement to
"Pshaw, my dear fellow, what do the public, the great unobservant public, who could hardly tell a weaver by his tooth or a compositor by his left thumb, care about the finer shades of analysis and deduction! But, indeed, if you are trivial. I cannot blame you, for the days of the great cases are past. Man, or at least criminal man, has lost all enterprise and originality. As to my own little practice, it seems to be degenerating into an agency for recovering lost lead pencils and giving advice to young ladies from boarding-schools. I think that I have touched bottom at last, however. This note I had this morning marks my zero-point, I fancy. Read it!" He tossed a crumpled letter across to me.
"Puff! puff!"--and two clouds arose pushing one another and blending
"Qui s'excuse s'accuse,"* said Julie, smiling and waving the lint
"Quite an interesting study, that maiden," he observed. "I found her more interesting than her little problem, which, by the way, is rather a trite one. You will find parallel cases, if you consult my index, in Andover in '77, and there was something of the sort at The Hague last year. Old as is the idea, however, there were one or two details which were new to me. But the maiden herself was most instructive."
"Quite different and yet the same," thought Nicholas, looking at her
"Quite so! You have not observed. And yet you have seen. That is just my point. Now, I know that there are seventeen steps, because I have both seen and observed. By the way, since you are interested in these little problems, and since you are good enough to chronicle one or two of my trifling experiences, you may be interested in this." He threw over a sheet of thick, pink-tinted notepaper which had been lying open upon the table. "It came by the last post," said he. "Read it aloud."
"Quite so," he answered, lighting a cigarette, and throwing himself down into an armchair. "You see, but you do not observe. The distinction is clear. For example, you have frequently seen the steps which lead up from the hall to this room."
"Quite so. And she was afterwards seen walking into Hyde Park in company with Flora Millar, a woman who is now in custody, and who had already made a disturbance at Mr. Doran's house that morning."
"Quite so. That was the word the man uttered, and of which his son only caught the last two syllables. He was trying to utter the name of his murderer. So and so, of Ballarat."
"Quite so; but the sequel was rather unusual. I will tell you, however. I left the house a little after eight o'clock this morning in the character of a groom out of work. There is a wonderful sympathy and freemasonry among horsey men. Be one of them, and you will know all that there is to know. I soon found Briony Lodge. It is a bijou villa, with a garden at the back, but built out in front right up to the road, two stories. Chubb lock to the door. Large sitting-room on the right side, well furnished, with long windows almost to the floor, and those preposterous English window fasteners which a child could open. Behind there was nothing remarkable, save that the passage window could be reached from the top of the coach-house. I walked round it and examined it closely from every point of view, but without noting anything else of interest.
"Really! Does it not strike you as a little singular that this McCarthy, who appears to have had little of his own, and to have been under such obligations to Turner, should still talk of marrying his son to Turner's daughter, who is, presumably, heiress to the estate, and that in such a very cocksure manner, as if it were merely a case of a proposal and all else would follow? It is the more strange, since we know that Turner himself was averse to the idea. The daughter told us as much. Do you not deduce something from that?"
"Really, Mr. Holmes," said Mr. Merryweather as we followed them from the cellar, "I do not know how the bank can thank you or repay you. There is no doubt that you have detected and defeated in the most complete manner one of the most determined attempts at bank robbery that have ever come within my experience."
"Really?" asked Princess Mary, looking into Pierre's kindly face and
"Really?" said Pierre, gazing over his spectacles with curiosity and
"Republican"; the term "Democrat," then applied only to obscure and
"Ride over to Prince Peter Ivanovich and find out about it exactly,"
"Right enough, friend," said he, and, having sat down, took out of
"Robbery and pillaging continue. There is a band of thieves in our
"Rostov! How d'you do? We missed one another," he said, and could
"Rubbish, nonsense, humbug!" exclaimed Nicholas, and he thought:
"Run to the reserves and bring up the ammunition boxes!" he
"Russia's ancient and sacred capital!" he suddenly said, repeating
"Rustic trees, your dark branches shed gloom and melancholy upon me."
"Say what you like.... She is like a sister to me, and I can't
"See that you keep yourself out of my grip," he snarled, and hurling the twisted poker into the fireplace he strode out of the room.
"Seven new and three old imperials."
"Shall I join the army and enter the service, or wait?" he asked
"She died just two years ago, and it is of her death that I wish to speak to you. You can understand that, living the life which I have described, we were little likely to see anyone of our own age and position. We had, however, an aunt, my mother's maiden sister, Miss Honoria Westphail, who lives near Harrow, and we were occasionally allowed to pay short visits at this lady's house. Julia went there at Christmas two years ago, and met there a half-pay major of marines, to whom she became engaged. My stepfather learned of the engagement when my sister returned and offered no objection to the marriage; but within a fortnight of the day which had been fixed for the wedding, the terrible event occurred which has deprived me of my only companion."
"She has come to stay with me," said Princess Mary. "The count and
"She is a very admirable and excellent young woman," said she,
"She is of a quiet nature. Besides, she is not so very young. She is four-and-twenty."
"She must certainly go on taking them morning and evening," said he,
"She was angry, and said that I was never to speak of the matter again."
"She was never happy at home, Miss Alice wasn't, from the time that her father married again. She was slighted like and had no say in anything, but it never really became bad for her until after she met Mr. Fowler at a friend's house. As well as I could learn, Miss Alice had rights of her own by will, but she was so quiet and patient, she was, that she never said a word about them but just left everything in Mr. Rucastle's hands. He knew he was safe with her; but when there was a chance of a husband coming forward, who would ask for all that the law would give him, then her father thought it time to put a stop on it. He wanted her to sign a paper, so that whether she married or not, he could use her money. When she wouldn't do it, he kept on worrying her until she got brain-fever, and for six weeks was at death's door. Then she got better at last, all worn to a shadow, and with her beautiful hair cut off; but that didn't make no change in her young man, and he stuck to her as true as man could be."
"Short and energetic!" he remarked when he had read over the
"Showing that she had struck a light and looked about her when the alarm took place. That is important. And what conclusions did the coroner come to?"
"Sit down; nonsense! Have a drink!" said Anatole, and filled a large
"Six out and six back. Nothing simpler. You say yourself that the horse was fresh and glossy when you got in. How could it be that if it had gone twelve miles over heavy roads?"
"Small Print!" and all other references to Project Gutenberg,
"Small Print!" and all other references to Project Gutenberg,
"Smart fellow, that," observed Holmes as we walked away. "He is, in my judgment, the fourth smartest man in London, and for daring I am not sure that he has not a claim to be third. I have known something of him before."
"So I can fire when I like!" said Pierre, and at the word "three,"
"So I come, master, and the people say to me: 'A great blessing
"So far I had got when we went to visit the scene of action. I surprised you by beating upon the pavement with my stick. I was ascertaining whether the cellar stretched out in front or behind. It was not in front. Then I rang the bell, and, as I hoped, the assistant answered it. We have had some skirmishes, but we had never set eyes upon each other before. I hardly looked at his face. His knees were what I wished to see. You must yourself have remarked how worn, wrinkled, and stained they were. They spoke of those hours of burrowing. The only remaining point was what they were burrowing for. I walked round the corner, saw the City and Suburban Bank abutted on our friend's premises, and felt that I had solved my problem. When you drove home after the concert I called upon Scotland Yard and upon the chairman of the bank directors, with the result that you have seen."
"So it is plain that nothing has happened and there is nothing to
"So much for the Lascar manager. Now for the sinister cripple who lives upon the second floor of the opium den, and who was certainly the last human being whose eyes rested upon Neville St. Clair. His name is Hugh Boone, and his hideous face is one which is familiar to every man who goes much to the City. He is a professional beggar, though in order to avoid the police regulations he pretends to a small trade in wax vestas. Some little distance down Threadneedle Street, upon the left-hand side, there is, as you may have remarked, a small angle in the wall. Here it is that this creature takes his daily seat, cross-legged with his tiny stock of matches on his lap, and as he is a piteous spectacle a small rain of charity descends into the greasy leather cap which lies upon the pavement beside him. I have watched the fellow more than once before ever I thought of making his professional acquaintance, and I have been surprised at the harvest which he has reaped in a short time. His appearance, you see, is so rema

"So much for the servants. My family itself is so small that it will not take me long to describe it. I am a widower and have an only son, Arthur. He has been a disappointment to me, Mr. Holmes--a grievous disappointment. I have no doubt that I am myself to blame. People tell me that I have spoiled him. Very likely I have. When my dear wife died I felt that he was all I had to love. I could not bear to see the smile fade even for a moment from his face. I have never denied him a wish. Perhaps it would have been better for both of us had I been sterner, but I meant it for the best.
"So she knows I am engaged, and she and her husband Pierre--that
"So tell them that I shall await a reply till the tenth, and if by
"So you are glad and I have done right?"
"So you are not afraid to play with me?" repeated Dolokhov, and as
"So-o-onya! Look here! How can you torture me and yourself like
"Some are, and some aren't--like us."
"Some cold beef and a glass of beer," he answered, ringing the bell. "I have been too busy to think of food, and I am likely to be busier still this evening. By the way, Doctor, I shall want your co-operation."
"Some years ago--to be definite, in May, 1884--there came to Lee a gentleman, Neville St. Clair by name, who appeared to have plenty of money. He took a large villa, laid out the grounds very nicely, and lived generally in good style. By degrees he made friends in the neighbourhood, and in 1887 he married the daughter of a local brewer, by whom he now has two children. He had no occupation, but was interested in several companies and went into town as a rule in the morning, returning by the 5:14 from Cannon Street every night. Mr. St. Clair is now thirty-seven years of age, is a man of temperate habits, a good husband, a very affectionate father, and a man who is popular with all who know him. I may add that his whole debts at the present moment, as far as we have been able to ascertain, amount to $88 10s., while he has $220 standing to his credit in the Capital and Counties Bank. There is no reason, therefore, to think that money troubles have been weighing upon his mind.
"Sonya!... Nicholas!"... was all they said. They ran to the barn and
"Sonya, go and wake him," said Natasha. "Tell him I want him to come
"Sonya, will he live?" she asked. "Sonya, how happy I am, and how
"Sophie," he began, timidly at first and then more and more
"Splendid! What a horse he will be!" he thought with a smile, and
"Stop it!" I cried; "pull yourself together!" and I poured out some water from a caraffe.
"Stop jesting," said Prince Andrew sadly and seriously. This news
"Stop that!" cried Alpatych sternly. "I see through you and three
"Stop! Pull up, I tell you!" he cried in a piercing voice, and again
"Strange and impossible as such happiness seems, I must do
"Subtle enough and horrible enough. When a doctor does go wrong he is the first of criminals. He has nerve and he has knowledge. Palmer and Pritchard were among the heads of their profession. This man strikes even deeper, but I think, Watson, that we shall be able to strike deeper still. But we shall have horrors enough before the night is over; for goodness' sake let us have a quiet pipe and turn our minds for a few hours to something more cheerful."
"Sufferer," and now as the "Postulant," to the accompaniment of
"Suppose he finds out, and your brother, and your betrothed?"
"TO THE RED-HEADED LEAGUE: On account of the bequest of the late Ezekiah Hopkins, of Lebanon, Pennsylvania, U. S. A., there is now another vacancy open which entitles a member of the League to a salary of $4 a week for purely nominal services. All red-headed men who are sound in body and mind and above the age of twenty-one years, are eligible. Apply in person on Monday, at eleven o'clock, to Duncan Ross, at the offices of the League, 7 Pope's Court, Fleet Street."
"Take a glass of boiled water and put a pinch of cream of tartar,"
"Take this and deliver it," said he to his adjutant, handing him the
"Terse and to the point," remarked Holmes, stretching his long, thin legs towards the fire.
"Thank you!" said Holmes, folding up the paper and returning it to our visitor. "And now you must on no account lose another instant. We cannot spare time even to discuss what you have told me. You must get home instantly and act."
"Thank you, Mrs. St. Clair. Those are the principal points about which I wished to be absolutely clear. We shall now have a little supper and then retire, for we may have a very busy day to-morrow."
"Thank you, my dear." She kissed him on the forehead and sat down
"Thank you. I have not come to stay," said I. "There is a friend of mine here, Mr. Isa Whitney, and I wish to speak with him."
"Thank you. That is quite settled," said he, rising and putting his lens in his pocket. "Hullo! Here is something interesting!"
"Thank you. We have certainly been favoured with extraordinary luck during this inquiry, and it will be entirely our own fault if we do not succeed in clearing the matter up. With your permission, Mr. Holder, I shall now continue my investigations outside."
"Thank you. You have made your statement very clearly. You will leave the papers here, and remember the advice which I have given you. Let the whole incident be a sealed book, and do not allow it to affect your life."
"That McCarthy senior met his death from McCarthy junior and that all theories to the contrary are the merest moonshine."
"That Miss Flora Millar, the lady who had caused the disturbance, has actually been arrested. It appears that she was formerly a danseuse at the Allegro, and that she has known the bridegroom for some years. There are no further particulars, and the whole case is in your hands now--so far as it has been set forth in the public press."
"That clay and chalk mixture which I see upon your toe caps is quite distinctive."
"That hurts my pride, Watson," he said at last. "It is a petty feeling, no doubt, but it hurts my pride. It becomes a personal matter with me now, and, if God sends me health, I shall set my hand upon this gang. That he should come to me for help, and that I should send him away to his death--!" He sprang from his chair and paced about the room in uncontrollable agitation, with a flush upon his sallow cheeks and a nervous clasping and unclasping of his long thin hands.
"That is better," said John Clay serenely. He made a sweeping bow to the three of us and walked quietly off in the custody of the detective.
"That is enough." She rose briskly from her chair with the anxiety all swept from her face. "I shall go down to Hampshire quite easy in my mind now. I shall write to Mr. Rucastle at once, sacrifice my poor hair to-night, and start for Winchester to-morrow." With a few grateful words to Holmes she bade us both good-night and bustled off upon her way.
"That is not quite so common, is it? Ah, me! it's a wicked world, and when a clever man turns his brains to crime it is the worst of all. I think that I have seen enough now, Miss Stoner, and with your permission we shall walk out upon the lawn."
"That is perfectly true. And I am sorry I went to see him and took
"That is the letter which I have just received, Mr. Holmes, and my mind is made up that I will accept it. I thought, however, that before taking the final step I should like to submit the whole matter to your consideration."
"That is the reward, and I have reason to know that there are sentimental considerations in the background which would induce the Countess to part with half her fortune if she could but recover the gem."
"That used to be Sonya," thought he, and looked at her closer and
"That was what the county coroner asked me at the inquiry. It is my strong impression that I heard it, and yet, among the crash of the gale and the creaking of an old house, I may possibly have been deceived."
"That will do, Mr. Wilson. I shall be happy to give you an opinion upon the subject in the course of a day or two. To-day is Saturday, and I hope that by Monday we may come to a conclusion."
"That would be a fine thing!" said she. "I never wanted anything and
"That's a true friend!" said Helene beaming, and again touching
"That's it!" cried Hatherley, in intense excitement. "There is the gravel-drive, and there are the rose-bushes where I lay. That second window is the one that I jumped from."
"That's it, that's it!" exclaimed the count, and gaily seizing his
"That's not right! That's not right!" cried the prince, and
"That's not right, sir. Come to your room, please, and rest. Allow
"That's so. But we must know what troops they are and their
"That's the list of the folk from whom I buy. D'you see? Well, then, here on this page are the country folk, and the numbers after their names are where their accounts are in the big ledger. Now, then! You see this other page in red ink? Well, that is a list of my town suppliers. Now, look at that third name. Just read it out to me."
"That's the way," said Dolokhov, "and then so!" and he turned the
"That, my dear, you must ask the doctor," he replied, and again
"The Club is closed and the police are leaving."
"The Coroner: How was it, then, that he uttered it before he saw you, and before he even knew that you had returned from Bristol?
"The Coroner: What was the point upon which you and your father had this final quarrel?
"The Cossacks!" one of them shouted, and a moment later a crowd of
"The Elder.... He wants the Elder!... Dron Zakharych, you!" meek and
"The Emperor! The Emperor! The Marshal! The Duke!" and hardly had
"The Emperor," Pierre repeated, and his face suddenly became sad and
"The First Column will march here and here," "the Second Column will
"The French," replied Ilyin jestingly, "and here is Napoleon
"The Karagins, Julie--and Boris with them. One can see at once
"The Lone Star had arrived here last week. I went down to the Albert Dock and found that she had been taken down the river by the early tide this morning, homeward bound to Savannah. I wired to Gravesend and learned that she had passed some time ago, and as the wind is easterly I have no doubt that she is now past the Goodwins and not very far from the Isle of Wight."
"The auditor wrote out a petition for you," continued Tushin, "and
"The campaign began only a week ago, and you haven't even been
"The case has been an interesting one," remarked Holmes when our visitors had left us, "because it serves to show very clearly how simple the explanation may be of an affair which at first sight seems to be almost inexplicable. Nothing could be more natural than the sequence of events as narrated by this lady, and nothing stranger than the result when viewed, for instance, by Mr. Lestrade of Scotland Yard."
"The cavalry ride to battle and meet the wounded and do not for a
"The circumstances are of great delicacy, and every precaution has to be taken to quench what might grow to be an immense scandal and seriously compromise one of the reigning families of Europe. To speak plainly, the matter implicates the great House of Ormstein, hereditary kings of Bohemia."
"The count had a sty," replied the adjutant smiling, "and was very
"The count has not left, he is here, and an order will be issued
"The count is suffering physically and mentally, and apparently
"The countess has been to Mass at the Razumovskis' and heard the new
"The dress which I found waiting for me was of a peculiar shade of blue. It was of excellent material, a sort of beige, but it bore unmistakable signs of having been worn before. It could not have been a better fit if I had been measured for it. Both Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle expressed a delight at the look of it, which seemed quite exaggerated in its vehemence. They were waiting for me in the drawing-room, which is a very large room, stretching along the entire front of the house, with three long windows reaching down to the floor. A chair had been placed close to the central window, with its back turned towards it. In this I was asked to sit, and then Mr. Rucastle, walking up and down on the other side of the room, began to tell me a series of the funniest stories that I have ever listened to. You cannot imagine how comical he was, and I laughed until I was quite weary. Mrs. Rucastle, however, who has evidently no sense of humour, never so much as smiled, but sat with her hands in her lap, and a sad, anxious l

"The end may have been so," I answered, "but the methods I hold to have been novel and of interest."
"The enemy has been repulsed on the left and defeated on the right
"The enemy has quenched his fires and a continual noise is heard
"The fact of the matter is," said she significantly, and also in a
"The field marshal is angry with the Emperor and he punishes us all,
"The first man that turns up--she forgets her father and
"The first was from Pondicherry, the second from Dundee, and the third from London."
"The fish that you have tattooed immediately above your right wrist could only have been done in China. I have made a small study of tattoo marks and have even contributed to the literature of the subject. That trick of staining the fishes' scales of a delicate pink is quite peculiar to China. When, in addition, I see a Chinese coin hanging from your watch-chain, the matter becomes even more simple."
"The further points, that he is middle-aged, that his hair is grizzled, that it has been recently cut, and that he uses lime-cream, are all to be gathered from a close examination of the lower part of the lining. The lens discloses a large number of hair-ends, clean cut by the scissors of the barber. They all appear to be adhesive, and there is a distinct odour of lime-cream. This dust, you will observe, is not the gritty, grey dust of the street but the fluffy brown dust of the house, showing that it has been hung up indoors most of the time, while the marks of moisture upon the inside are proof positive that the wearer perspired very freely, and could therefore, hardly be in the best of training."
"The gas was half up, as I had left it, and my unhappy boy, dressed only in his shirt and trousers, was standing beside the light, holding the coronet in his hands. He appeared to be wrenching at it, or bending it with all his strength. At my cry he dropped it from his grasp and turned as pale as death. I snatched it up and examined it. One of the gold corners, with three of the beryls in it, was missing.
"The highest wisdom and truth are like the purest liquid we may wish
"The hoof's cracked! That's nothing. I'll teach you what to do and
"The hours are the same, and the lathe, and also the mathematics and
"The instant that I uttered the words I regretted the rashness of my speech. His face set hard, and a baleful light sprang up in his grey eyes.
"The lady could not move her bed. It must always be in the same relative position to the ventilator and to the rope--or so we may call it, since it was clearly never meant for a bell-pull."
"The law cannot, as you say, touch you," said Holmes, unlocking and throwing open the door, "yet there never was a man who deserved punishment more. If the young lady has a brother or a friend, he ought to lay a whip across your shoulders. By Jove!" he continued, flushing up at the sight of the bitter sneer upon the man's face, "it is not part of my duties to my client, but here's a hunting crop handy, and I think I shall just treat myself to--" He took two swift steps to the whip, but before he could grasp it there was a wild clatter of steps upon the stairs, the heavy hall door banged, and from the window we could see Mr. James Windibank running at the top of his speed down the road.
"The limits of human life... are fixed and may not be o'erpassed,"
"The man married a woman very much older than himself for her money," said he, "and he enjoyed the use of the money of the daughter as long as she lived with them. It was a considerable sum, for people in their position, and the loss of it would have made a serious difference. It was worth an effort to preserve it. The daughter was of a good, amiable disposition, but affectionate and warm-hearted in her ways, so that it was evident that with her fair personal advantages, and her little income, she would not be allowed to remain single long. Now her marriage would mean, of course, the loss of a hundred a year, so what does her stepfather do to prevent it? He takes the obvious course of keeping her at home and forbidding her to seek the company of people of her own age. But soon he found that that would not answer forever. She became restive, insisted upon her rights, and finally announced her positive intention of going to a certain ball. What does her clever stepfather do then? He conceives an idea more cred

"The man who wrote it was presumably well to do," I remarked, endeavouring to imitate my companion's processes. "Such paper could not be bought under half a crown a packet. It is peculiarly strong and stiff."
"The means are... the balance of power in Europe and the rights of
"The name, you see, is in perfectly black ink, which has dried itself. The rest is of the greyish colour, which shows that blotting-paper has been used. If it had been written straight off, and then blotted, none would be of a deep black shade. This man has written the name, and there has then been a pause before he wrote the address, which can only mean that he was not familiar with it. It is, of course, a trifle, but there is nothing so important as trifles. Let us now see the letter. Ha! there has been an enclosure here!"
"The next I heard of Frank was that he was in Montana, and then he went prospecting in Arizona, and then I heard of him from New Mexico. After that came a long newspaper story about how a miners' camp had been attacked by Apache Indians, and there was my Frank's name among the killed. I fainted dead away, and I was very sick for months after. Pa thought I had a decline and took me to half the doctors in 'Frisco. Not a word of news came for a year and more, so that I never doubted that Frank was really dead. Then Lord St. Simon came to 'Frisco, and we came to London, and a marriage was arranged, and Pa was very pleased, but I felt all the time that no man on this earth would ever take the place in my heart that had been given to my poor Frank.
"The papers which Openshaw carried are obviously of vital importance to the person or persons in the sailing-ship. I think that it is quite clear that there must be more than one of them. A single man could not have carried out two deaths in such a way as to deceive a coroner's jury. There must have been several in it, and they must have been men of resource and determination. Their papers they mean to have, be the holder of them who it may. In this way you see K. K. K. ceases to be the initials of an individual and becomes the badge of a society."
"The police have watched this Lascar," said Inspector Bradstreet, "and I can quite understand that he might find it difficult to post a letter unobserved. Probably he handed it to some sailor customer of his, who forgot all about it for some days."
"The prince is not very well: bile and rush of blood to the head.
"The princess ordered me to ask your regiment and your name."
"The step must be taken but I cannot, I cannot!" thought Pierre, and
"The third on the right is his," said the inspector. "Here it is!" He quietly shot back a panel in the upper part of the door and glanced through.
"The two McCarthys were seen after the time when William Crowder, the game-keeper, lost sight of them. The Boscombe Pool is thickly wooded round, with just a fringe of grass and of reeds round the edge. A girl of fourteen, Patience Moran, who is the daughter of the lodge-keeper of the Boscombe Valley estate, was in one of the woods picking flowers. She states that while she was there she saw, at the border of the wood and close by the lake, Mr. McCarthy and his son, and that they appeared to be having a violent quarrel. She heard Mr. McCarthy the elder using very strong language to his son, and she saw the latter raise up his hand as if to strike his father. She was so frightened by their violence that she ran away and told her mother when she reached home that she had left the two McCarthys quarrelling near Boscombe Pool, and that she was afraid that they were going to fight. She had hardly said the words when young Mr. McCarthy came running up to the lodge to say that he had found his father dead in the wo

"The warning was no idle one, for two nights later I happened to look out of my bedroom window about two o'clock in the morning. It was a beautiful moonlight night, and the lawn in front of the house was silvered over and almost as bright as day. I was standing, rapt in the peaceful beauty of the scene, when I was aware that something was moving under the shadow of the copper beeches. As it emerged into the moonshine I saw what it was. It was a giant dog, as large as a calf, tawny tinted, with hanging jowl, black muzzle, and huge projecting bones. It walked slowly across the lawn and vanished into the shadow upon the other side. That dreadful sentinel sent a chill to my heart which I do not think that any burglar could have done.
"The welfare, the happiness, the energy, and the spirit of the men and
"The wife!" said the old prince, briefly and significantly.
"The windows of the three rooms open out upon the lawn. That fatal night Dr. Roylott had gone to his room early, though we knew that he had not retired to rest, for my sister was troubled by the smell of the strong Indian cigars which it was his custom to smoke. She left her room, therefore, and came into mine, where she sat for some time, chatting about her approaching wedding. At eleven o'clock she rose to leave me, but she paused at the door and looked back.
"The young lady came to London, then, and you renewed your acquaintance?"
"Their reasons for their conduct. But you shall have it all just as it occurred. When I came down, Mr. Rucastle met me here and drove me in his dog-cart to the Copper Beeches. It is, as he said, beautifully situated, but it is not beautiful in itself, for it is a large square block of a house, whitewashed, but all stained and streaked with damp and bad weather. There are grounds round it, woods on three sides, and on the fourth a field which slopes down to the Southampton highroad, which curves past about a hundred yards from the front door. This ground in front belongs to the house, but the woods all round are part of Lord Southerton's preserves. A clump of copper beeches immediately in front of the hall door has given its name to the place.
"Then I have just time, with your assistance, to get clear upon the subject. Turn over those papers and arrange the extracts in their order of time, while I take a glance as to who our client is." He picked a red-covered volume from a line of books of reference beside the mantelpiece. "Here he is," said he, sitting down and flattening it out upon his knee. " 'Lord Robert Walsingham de Vere St. Simon, second son of the Duke of Balmoral.' Hum! 'Arms: Azure, three caltrops in chief over a fess sable. Born in 1846.' He's forty-one years of age, which is mature for marriage. Was Under-Secretary for the colonies in a late administration. The Duke, his father, was at one time Secretary for Foreign Affairs. They inherit Plantagenet blood by direct descent, and Tudor on the distaff side. Ha! Well, there is nothing very instructive in all this. I think that I must turn to you Watson, for something more solid."
"Then I shall call upon you in a day, or in two days, with news as to the box and the papers. I shall take your advice in every particular." He shook hands with us and took his leave. Outside the wind still screamed and the rain splashed and pattered against the windows. This strange, wild story seemed to have come to us from amid the mad elements--blown in upon us like a sheet of sea-weed in a gale--and now to have been reabsorbed by them once more.
"Then I shall reconsider my resolution about going out. We have still time to take a train to Hereford and see him to-night?"
"Then I suggest that we turn our dinner into a supper and follow up this clue while it is still hot."
"Then I trust that you at least will honour me with your company," said Sherlock Holmes. "It is always a joy to meet an American, Mr. Moulton, for I am one of those who believe that the folly of a monarch and the blundering of a minister in far-gone years will not prevent our children from being some day citizens of the same world-wide country under a flag which shall be a quartering of the Union Jack with the Stars and Stripes."
"Then I will." Holmes suddenly bent his strength upon it, but without result. "I feel it give a little," said he; "but, though I am exceptionally strong in the fingers, it would take me all my time to break it. An ordinary man could not do it. Now, what do you think would happen if I did break it, Mr. Holder? There would be a noise like a pistol shot. Do you tell me that all this happened within a few yards of your bed and that you heard nothing of it?"
"Then I'll tell our story right away," said the lady. "Frank here and I met in '84, in McQuire's camp, near the Rockies, where Pa was working a claim. We were engaged to each other, Frank and I; but then one day father struck a rich pocket and made a pile, while poor Frank here had a claim that petered out and came to nothing. The richer Pa grew the poorer was Frank; so at last Pa wouldn't hear of our engagement lasting any longer, and he took me away to 'Frisco. Frank wouldn't throw up his hand, though; so he followed me there, and he saw me without Pa knowing anything about it. It would only have made him mad to know, so we just fixed it all up for ourselves. Frank said that he would go and make his pile, too, and never come back to claim me until he had as much as Pa. So then I promised to wait for him to the end of time and pledged myself not to marry anyone else while he lived. 'Why shouldn't we be married right away, then,' said he, 'and then I will feel sure of you; and I won't claim to be your husban

"Then allow me to express your regrets, and I am sure your
"Then and there," wrote John Adams, "the child Independence was born."
"Then dress. No one is stirring yet, but I know where the stable-boy sleeps, and we shall soon have the trap out." He chuckled to himself as he spoke, his eyes twinkled, and he seemed a different man to the sombre thinker of the previous night.
"Then he is alive," thought Princess Mary, and asked in a low voice:
"Then my servant will call a cab, and I shall be with you in an instant." I rushed upstairs, explained the matter shortly to my wife, and in five minutes was inside a hansom, driving with my new acquaintance to Baker Street.
"Then perhaps you will kindly explain how it is that we found this in it?" He opened his bag as he spoke, and tumbled onto the floor a wedding-dress of watered silk, a pair of white satin shoes and a bride's wreath and veil, all discoloured and soaked in water. "There," said he, putting a new wedding-ring upon the top of the pile. "There is a little nut for you to crack, Master Holmes."
"Then put on your hat and come. I am going through the City first, and we can have some lunch on the way. I observe that there is a good deal of German music on the programme, which is rather more to my taste than Italian or French. It is introspective, and I want to introspect. Come along!"
"Then that will simplify matters." We descended and started off once more for Briony Lodge.
"Then they carried me in. She was bound to have me in. What else could she do? And into her sitting-room, which was the very room which I suspected. It lay between that and her bedroom, and I was determined to see which. They laid me on a couch, I motioned for air, they were compelled to open the window, and you had your chance."
"Then we had a talk as to what we should do, and Frank was all for openness, but I was so ashamed of it all that I felt as if I should like to vanish away and never see any of them again--just sending a line to Pa, perhaps, to show him that I was alive. It was awful to me to think of all those lords and ladies sitting round that breakfast-table and waiting for me to come back. So Frank took my wedding-clothes and things and made a bundle of them, so that I should not be traced, and dropped them away somewhere where no one could find them. It is likely that we should have gone on to Paris to-morrow, only that this good gentleman, Mr. Holmes, came round to us this evening, though how he found us is more than I can think, and he showed us very clearly and kindly that I was wrong and that Frank was right, and that we should be putting ourselves in the wrong if we were so secret. Then he offered to give us a chance of talking to Lord St. Simon alone, and so we came right away round to his rooms at once. Now, Robe

"Then we have stopped all the holes. And now we must be silent and wait."
"Then what are they? Who is this K. K. K., and why does he pursue this unhappy family?"
"Then, good-night, your Majesty, and I trust that we shall soon have some good news for you. And good-night, Watson," he added, as the wheels of the royal brougham rolled down the street. "If you will be good enough to call to-morrow afternoon at three o'clock I should like to chat this little matter over with you."
"Then, pray, sit down, and let us hear it for there are several points on which I must confess that I am still in the dark."
"There are gentry here; the general himself is in that hut, and you
"There are some like ourselves and some worse," she thought.
"There are three hundred pounds in gold and seven hundred in notes," he said.
"There are two, an officer and a Cossack. But it is not
"There has been some villainy here," said Holmes; "this beauty has guessed Miss Hunter's intentions and has carried his victim off."
"There is a well-known agency for governesses in the West End called Westaway's, and there I used to call about once a week in order to see whether anything had turned up which might suit me. Westaway was the name of the founder of the business, but it is really managed by Miss Stoper. She sits in her own little office, and the ladies who are seeking employment wait in an anteroom, and are then shown in one by one, when she consults her ledgers and sees whether she has anything which would suit them.
"There is at least a presumption that the vessel in which the man or men are is a sailing-ship. It looks as if they always send their singular warning or token before them when starting upon their mission. You see how quickly the deed followed the sign when it came from Dundee. If they had come from Pondicherry in a steamer they would have arrived almost as soon as their letter. But, as a matter of fact, seven weeks elapsed. I think that those seven weeks represented the difference between the mail-boat which brought the letter and the sailing vessel which brought the writer."
"There is but one thing to do. It must be done at once. You must put this piece of paper which you have shown us into the brass box which you have described. You must also put in a note to say that all the other papers were burned by your uncle, and that this is the only one which remains. You must assert that in such words as will carry conviction with them. Having done this, you must at once put the box out upon the sundial, as directed. Do you understand?"
"There is in Moscow a lady, une dame, and she is very stingy. She
"There is no mystery, my dear madam," said he, smiling. "The left arm of your jacket is spattered with mud in no less than seven places. The marks are perfectly fresh. There is no vehicle save a dog-cart which throws up mud in that way, and then only when you sit on the left-hand side of the driver."
"There is one thing," said John Openshaw. He rummaged in his coat pocket, and, drawing out a piece of discoloured, blue-tinted paper, he laid it out upon the table. "I have some remembrance," said he, "that on the day when my uncle burned the papers I observed that the small, unburned margins which lay amid the ashes were of this particular colour. I found this single sheet upon the floor of his room, and I am inclined to think that it may be one of the papers which has, perhaps, fluttered out from among the others, and in that way has escaped destruction. Beyond the mention of pips, I do not see that it helps us much. I think myself that it is a page from some private diary. The writing is undoubtedly my uncle's."
"There is something up," thought Nicholas, and he was further
"There is your hat, then, and there your bird," said he. "By the way, would it bore you to tell me where you got the other one from? I am somewhat of a fowl fancier, and I have seldom seen a better grown goose."
"There it is!... It again!..." said Pierre to himself, and an
"There now, Denisov has been worrying," said Rostov, "and here are
"There now, the gentry and merchants have gone away and left us to
"There was a double line of tracks of a booted man, and a second double line which I saw with delight belonged to a man with naked feet. I was at once convinced from what you had told me that the latter was your son. The first had walked both ways, but the other had run swiftly, and as his tread was marked in places over the depression of the boot, it was obvious that he had passed after the other. I followed them up and found they led to the hall window, where Boots had worn all the snow away while waiting. Then I walked to the other end, which was a hundred yards or more down the lane. I saw where Boots had faced round, where the snow was cut up as though there had been a struggle, and, finally, where a few drops of blood had fallen, to show me that I was not mistaken. Boots had then run down the lane, and another little smudge of blood showed that it was he who had been hurt. When he came to the highroad at the other end, I found that the pavement had been cleared, so there was an end to that clue.
"There was a little passage in front of me, unpapered and uncarpeted, which turned at a right angle at the farther end. Round this corner were three doors in a line, the first and third of which were open. They each led into an empty room, dusty and cheerless, with two windows in the one and one in the other, so thick with dirt that the evening light glimmered dimly through them. The centre door was closed, and across the outside of it had been fastened one of the broad bars of an iron bed, padlocked at one end to a ring in the wall, and fastened at the other with stout cord. The door itself was locked as well, and the key was not there. This barricaded door corresponded clearly with the shuttered window outside, and yet I could see by the glimmer from beneath it that the room was not in darkness. Evidently there was a skylight which let in light from above. As I stood in the passage gazing at the sinister door and wondering what secret it might veil, I suddenly heard the sound of steps within the room and s

"There was nothing in the office but a couple of wooden chairs and a deal table, behind which sat a small man with a head that was even redder than mine. He said a few words to each candidate as he came up, and then he always managed to find some fault in them which would disqualify them. Getting a vacancy did not seem to be such a very easy matter, after all. However, when our turn came the little man was much more favourable to me than to any of the others, and he closed the door as we entered, so that he might have a private word with us.
"There will call upon you to-night, at a quarter to eight o'clock," it said, "a gentleman who desires to consult you upon a matter of the very deepest moment. Your recent services to one of the royal houses of Europe have shown that you are one who may safely be trusted with matters which are of an importance which can hardly be exaggerated. This account of you we have from all quarters received. Be in your chamber then at that hour, and do not take it amiss if your visitor wear a mask."
"There! I said if only we waited--and so it was!" was being joyfully
"There! That's just how she started and just how she came up smiling
"There's a cold-blooded scoundrel!" said Holmes, laughing, as he threw himself down into his chair once more. "That fellow will rise from crime to crime until he does something very bad, and ends on a gallows. The case has, in some respects, been not entirely devoid of interest."
"There's no need to talk! He receives his orders and will marry
"There's the village," said the driver, pointing to a cluster of roofs some distance to the left; "but if you want to get to the house, you'll find it shorter to get over this stile, and so by the foot-path over the fields. There it is, where the lady is walking."
"There, now!" she cried, throwing back her head and looking defiantly at Lestrade. "You hear! He gives me hopes."
"There, you see!" and he drew attention to the bullets whistling,
"They always fill me with a certain horror. It is my belief, Watson, founded upon my experience, that the lowest and vilest alleys in London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the smiling and beautiful countryside."
"They are repulsed everywhere, for which I thank God and our brave
"They are still sounding the planking and probing the furniture in the hope of finding them."
"They are talking about us, about me and him!" thought Natasha. "And
"They have gone to bed and put out their lights, your excellency."
"They keep dwagging the wegiment to and fwo all day. If they mean to
"They must have done so. I have a confused memory, too, of having been lifted and conveyed somewhere."
"They often vanish before the ceremony, and occasionally during the honeymoon; but I cannot call to mind anything quite so prompt as this. Pray let me have the details."
"They received me and my news as one receives a dog in a game of
"They seem to have been of a most interesting character--dummy bell-ropes, and ventilators which do not ventilate. With your permission, Miss Stoner, we shall now carry our researches into the inner apartment."
"They told her that all Moscow has been burned down, and that..."
"They want to run to see how they have wounded it. Wait and we shall
"They were in a hurry enough to start us, and now here we stand in
"They're always in love with someone," he thought of Sonya and
"They've been saying so a long while," said the count, "and
"They've put two regiments as outposts, and they're having such a
"This Godfrey Norton was evidently an important factor in the matter. He was a lawyer. That sounded ominous. What was the relation between them, and what the object of his repeated visits? Was she his client, his friend, or his mistress? If the former, she had probably transferred the photograph to his keeping. If the latter, it was less likely. On the issue of this question depended whether I should continue my work at Briony Lodge, or turn my attention to the gentleman's chambers in the Temple. It was a delicate point, and it widened the field of my inquiry. I fear that I bore you with these details, but I have to let you see my little difficulties, if you are to understand the situation."
"This aroused my curiosity, so when I went out for a walk in the grounds with my charge, I strolled round to the side from which I could see the windows of this part of the house. There were four of them in a row, three of which were simply dirty, while the fourth was shuttered up. They were evidently all deserted. As I strolled up and down, glancing at them occasionally, Mr. Rucastle came out to me, looking as merry and jovial as ever.
"This discovery, and the evident confusion which the cripple showed, made the inspector realise that the matter was serious. The rooms were carefully examined, and results all pointed to an abominable crime. The front room was plainly furnished as a sitting-room and led into a small bedroom, which looked out upon the back of one of the wharves. Between the wharf and the bedroom window is a narrow strip, which is dry at low tide but is covered at high tide with at least four and a half feet of water. The bedroom window was a broad one and opened from below. On examination traces of blood were to be seen upon the windowsill, and several scattered drops were visible upon the wooden floor of the bedroom. Thrust away behind a curtain in the front room were all the clothes of Mr. Neville St. Clair, with the exception of his coat. His boots, his socks, his hat, and his watch--all were there. There were no signs of violence upon any of these garments, and there were no other traces of Mr. Neville St. Clair. Out of t

"This has been done," said I, examining the wound, "by a very heavy and sharp instrument."
"This hat has not been brushed for weeks. When I see you, my dear Watson, with a week's accumulation of dust upon your hat, and when your wife allows you to go out in such a state, I shall fear that you also have been unfortunate enough to lose your wife's affection."
"This is a very unexpected turn of affairs," said I; "and what then?"
"This is how I look at this affair: I know nothing about it and
"This is my cup," said he. "Only dip your finger in it and I'll
"This is my friend, Dr. Watson. He has been of most vital use to me in several of my cases, and a lucky chance has made it possible for me to bring him out and associate him with this investigation."
"This is the envelope," he continued. "The postmark is London--eastern division. Within are the very words which were upon my father's last message: 'K. K. K.'; and then 'Put the papers on the sundial.' "
"This is what I think. Austria has been made a fool of, and she is
"This man now has influence, I must gain his confidence and friendship
"This time, at least, I did not scorn her advice. I staggered to my feet and ran with her along the corridor and down a winding stair. The latter led to another broad passage, and just as we reached it we heard the sound of running feet and the shouting of two voices, one answering the other from the floor on which we were and from the one beneath. My guide stopped and looked about her like one who is at her wit's end. Then she threw open a door which led into a bedroom, through the window of which the moon was shining brightly.
"This went on day after day, Mr. Holmes, and on Saturday the manager came in and planked down four golden sovereigns for my week's work. It was the same next week, and the same the week after. Every morning I was there at ten, and every afternoon I left at two. By degrees Mr. Duncan Ross took to coming in only once of a morning, and then, after a time, he did not come in at all. Still, of course, I never dared to leave the room for an instant, for I was not sure when he might come, and the billet was such a good one, and suited me so well, that I would not risk the loss of it.
"This, I take it, belongs to the room in which you used to sleep, the centre one to your sister's, and the one next to the main building to Dr. Roylott's chamber?"
"Thou hatest it. Then change it, purify thyself; and as thou art
"Threatens to send them the photograph. And she will do it. I know that she will do it. You do not know her, but she has a soul of steel. She has the face of the most beautiful of women, and the mind of the most resolute of men. Rather than I should marry another woman, there are no lengths to which she would not go--none."
"Three and a half miles, Your Majesty."
"To combat the evil which sways the world..." Pierre repeated, and a
"To smoke," he answered. "It is quite a three pipe problem, and I beg that you won't speak to me for fifty minutes." He curled himself up in his chair, with his thin knees drawn up to his hawk-like nose, and there he sat with his eyes closed and his black clay pipe thrusting out like the bill of some strange bird. I had come to the conclusion that he had dropped asleep, and indeed was nodding myself, when he suddenly sprang out of his chair with the gesture of a man who has made up his mind and put his pipe down upon the mantelpiece.
"To the Committee on Army Regulations, and I have recommended that
"To the Leadenhall Street Post Office, to be left till called for. He said that if they were sent to the office he would be chaffed by all the other clerks about having letters from a lady, so I offered to typewrite them, like he did his, but he wouldn't have that, for he said that when I wrote them they seemed to come from me, but when they were typewritten he always felt that the machine had come between us. That will just show you how fond he was of me, Mr. Holmes, and the little things that he would think of."
"To the crossing!" said the general coldly and sternly in reply to
"To the health of our Sovereign, the Emperor!" he cried, and at
"To the man who loves art for its own sake," remarked Sherlock Holmes, tossing aside the advertisement sheet of the Daily Telegraph, "it is frequently in its least important and lowliest manifestations that the keenest pleasure is to be derived. It is pleasant to me to observe, Watson, that you have so far grasped this truth that in these little records of our cases which you have been good enough to draw up, and, I am bound to say, occasionally to embellish, you have given prominence not so much to the many causes celebres and sensational trials in which I have figured but rather to those incidents which may have been trivial in themselves, but which have given room for those faculties of deduction and of logical synthesis which I have made my special province."
"To your barrier!" and Pierre, grasping what was meant, stopped by
"To your health!" said Balaga who also emptied his glass, and
"Tomorrow," replied Rostov and left the room.
"Tonight, not later," said he in a low voice, and he moved away with
"Trust in His mercy!" and pointing out a small sofa for him to sit
"Try the settee," said Holmes, relapsing into his armchair and putting his fingertips together, as was his custom when in judicial moods. "I know, my dear Watson, that you share my love of all that is bizarre and outside the conventions and humdrum routine of everyday life. You have shown your relish for it by the enthusiasm which has prompted you to chronicle, and, if you will excuse my saying so, somewhat to embellish so many of my own little adventures."
"Try to serve well and show yourself worthy," added he, addressing
"Two days later this same performance was gone through under exactly similar circumstances. Again I changed my dress, again I sat in the window, and again I laughed very heartily at the funny stories of which my employer had an immense repertoire, and which he told inimitably. Then he handed me a yellow-backed novel, and moving my chair a little sideways, that my own shadow might not fall upon the page, he begged me to read aloud to him. I read for about ten minutes, beginning in the heart of a chapter, and then suddenly, in the middle of a sentence, he ordered me to cease and to change my dress.
"Two years have passed since then, and my life has been until lately lonelier than ever. A month ago, however, a dear friend, whom I have known for many years, has done me the honour to ask my hand in marriage. His name is Armitage--Percy Armitage--the second son of Mr. Armitage, of Crane Water, near Reading. My stepfather has offered no opposition to the match, and we are to be married in the course of the spring. Two days ago some repairs were started in the west wing of the building, and my bedroom wall has been pierced, so that I have had to move into the chamber in which my sister died, and to sleep in the very bed in which she slept. Imagine, then, my thrill of terror when last night, as I lay awake, thinking over her terrible fate, I suddenly heard in the silence of the night the low whistle which had been the herald of her own death. I sprang up and lit the lamp, but nothing was to be seen in the room. I was too shaken to go to bed again, however, so I dressed, and as soon as it was daylight I slippe

"Typhus, sir. It's death to go in. Only we two, Makeev and I" (he
"Ulyulyu!" cried Nicholas, in a voice not his own, and of its own
"Uncle" for his guitar and at once found the chords of the song.
"Uncle" had expected of her. As soon as she had struck her pose, and
"Uncle" had the reputation of being the most honorable and
"Uncle" looked round disapprovingly at Petya and Natasha. He did not
"Uncle" played another song and a valse; then after a pause he
"Uncle" rose, and it was as if there were two men in him: one of
"Uncle" sang as peasants sing, with full and naive conviction that
"Uncle" too was in high spirits and far from being offended by the
"Uncle's" face was very significant and even handsome as he said
"Undoubtedly. It is quite clear that the colonel was a cool and desperate man, who was absolutely determined that nothing should stand in the way of his little game, like those out-and-out pirates who will leave no survivor from a captured ship. Well, every moment now is precious, so if you feel equal to it we shall go down to Scotland Yard at once as a preliminary to starting for Eyford."
"Vera's spiteful; never mind her! And all will come right and she
"Vereshchagin was tried and condemned to death," thought
"Very good!" said the prince closing the door behind him, and Tikhon
"Very good, Lestrade," said Holmes, laughing. "You really are very fine indeed. Let me see it." He took up the paper in a listless way, but his attention instantly became riveted, and he gave a little cry of satisfaction. "This is indeed important," said he.
"Very good. Come this way, if you please." He led us down a passage, opened a barred door, passed down a winding stair, and brought us to a whitewashed corridor with a line of doors on each side.
"Very good. I shall look into the matter between this and then. Good-bye; it is just possible that I may have to come over here again before evening."
"Very likely not. However that may be, the young lady was very decidedly carried away, and, having quite made up her mind that her stepfather was in France, the suspicion of treachery never for an instant entered her mind. She was flattered by the gentleman's attentions, and the effect was increased by the loudly expressed admiration of her mother. Then Mr. Angel began to call, for it was obvious that the matter should be pushed as far as it would go if a real effect were to be produced. There were meetings, and an engagement, which would finally secure the girl's affections from turning towards anyone else. But the deception could not be kept up forever. These pretended journeys to France were rather cumbrous. The thing to do was clearly to bring the business to an end in such a dramatic manner that it would leave a permanent impression upon the young lady's mind and prevent her from looking upon any other suitor for some time to come. Hence those vows of fidelity exacted upon a Testament, and hence also th

"Very much," said Nicholas flushing, and with a stupid careless
"Very sorry to knock you up, Watson," said he, "but it's the common lot this morning. Mrs. Hudson has been knocked up, she retorted upon me, and I on you."
"Very well, then!" shouted the little officer, undaunted and not
"Very well, very well!" muttered the officer, threateningly, and
"Very well," said Smolyaninov, and went on at once: "Have you any
"Very well. It may, however, have been written on Monday and only posted to-day."
"Vivat!" and looked ecstatically at the spot where Napoleon had been
"Vivat!" and, commanding the Uhlans to follow him, spurred his horse
"Vivat!" shouted the Poles, ecstatically, breaking their ranks and
"Wait a bit and listen. It's fine!" answered Sidorov, who was
"Wait a little, gentlemen," said he. "The battle is won, and there
"Wait a moment, I'll fetch it," said Mademoiselle Bourienne, and she
"Wait?... Hurrah-ah-ah!" shouted Petya, and without pausing a moment
"Wants to turn on the other side," whispered the servant, and got up
"Warm! You'd be as warm, maybe, if you were as pestered as I am. When I pay good money for a good article there should be an end of the business; but it's 'Where are the geese?' and 'Who did you sell the geese to?' and 'What will you take for the geese?' One would think they were the only geese in the world, to hear the fuss that is made over them."
"Was Kutuzov well? When had he left Krems?" and so on. The Emperor
"Was it not fate that brought him to Bogucharovo, and at that very
"We all have our weaknesses," said Kutuzov smiling and walking
"We are close there now," my friend remarked. "This fellow Merryweather is a bank director, and personally interested in the matter. I thought it as well to have Jones with us also. He is not a bad fellow, though an absolute imbecile in his profession. He has one positive virtue. He is as brave as a bulldog and as tenacious as a lobster if he gets his claws upon anyone. Here we are, and they are waiting for us."
"We are not diplomatic officials, we are soldiers and nothing more,"
"We are on the outskirts of Lee," said my companion. "We have touched on three English counties in our short drive, starting in Middlesex, passing over an angle of Surrey, and ending in Kent. See that light among the trees? That is The Cedars, and beside that lamp sits a woman whose anxious ears have already, I have little doubt, caught the clink of our horse's feet."
"We both thought the best resource was flight, when pursued by so formidable an antagonist; so you will find the nest empty when you call to-morrow. As to the photograph, your client may rest in peace. I love and am loved by a better man than he. The King may do what he will without hindrance from one whom he has cruelly wronged. I keep it only to safeguard myself, and to preserve a weapon which will always secure me from any steps which he might take in the future. I leave a photograph which he might care to possess; and I remain, dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes,
"We could see the other side of the road and the Park."
"We denounce," exclaimed the Labor party in 1888, "the Democratic and
"We do all our correspondence with this machine at the office, and no doubt it is a little worn," our visitor answered, glancing keenly at Holmes with his bright little eyes.
"We don't interfere with you and Berg."
"We don't riot, we're following the orders," declared Karp, and at
"We have at least an hour before us," he remarked, "for they can hardly take any steps until the good pawnbroker is safely in bed. Then they will not lose a minute, for the sooner they do their work the longer time they will have for their escape. We are at present, Doctor--as no doubt you have divined--in the cellar of the City branch of one of the principal London banks. Mr. Merryweather is the chairman of directors, and he will explain to you that there are reasons why the more daring criminals of London should take a considerable interest in this cellar at present."
"We have got to the deductions and the inferences," said Lestrade, winking at me. "I find it hard enough to tackle facts, Holmes, without flying away after theories and fancies."
"We have had the pleasure of making the doctor's acquaintance," said Holmes, and in a few words he sketched out what had occurred. Miss Stoner turned white to the lips as she listened.
"We have orders to drive you off here, and we shall drive you
"We have tried and failed."
"We here in Moscow are more occupied with dinner parties and scandal
"We know that you have Bonaparte and that he has beaten everybody in
"We must be circumspect, for we are dealing with a very cunning man. We can do nothing until seven o'clock. At that hour we shall be with you, and it will not be long before we solve the mystery."
"We must distinguish between the Vienna cabinet and the Emperor of
"We shall be at the Copper Beeches by seven o'clock, my friend and I. The Rucastles will be gone by that time, and Toller will, we hope, be incapable. There only remains Mrs. Toller, who might give the alarm. If you could send her into the cellar on some errand, and then turn the key upon her, you would facilitate matters immensely."
"We shall see." He pushed past the servant and rushed into the drawing-room, followed by the King and myself. The furniture was scattered about in every direction, with dismantled shelves and open drawers, as if the lady had hurriedly ransacked them before her flight. Holmes rushed at the bell-pull, tore back a small sliding shutter, and, plunging in his hand, pulled out a photograph and a letter. The photograph was of Irene Adler herself in evening dress, the letter was superscribed to "Sherlock Holmes, Esq. To be left till called for." My friend tore it open, and we all three read it together. It was dated at midnight of the preceding night and ran in this way:
"We shall spend the night in your room, and we shall investigate the cause of this noise which has disturbed you."
"We went upstairs together, the colonel first with the lamp, the fat manager and I behind him. It was a labyrinth of an old house, with corridors, passages, narrow winding staircases, and little low doors, the thresholds of which were hollowed out by the generations who had crossed them. There were no carpets and no signs of any furniture above the ground floor, while the plaster was peeling off the walls, and the damp was breaking through in green, unhealthy blotches. I tried to put on as unconcerned an air as possible, but I had not forgotten the warnings of the lady, even though I disregarded them, and I kept a keen eye upon my two companions. Ferguson appeared to be a morose and silent man, but I could see from the little that he said that he was at least a fellow-countryman.
"We won't speak of it any more, my dear," said Pierre, and his
"We'll call a cab and go together. We shall just be in time to have a little breakfast with him. Do you feel equal to it?"
"We'll clear it out for you in a minute," said Timokhin, and,
"We'll go to our places and won't budge."
"We'll try to," replied Berg, touching a pawn and then removing
"We've been told to keep order, and that no one is to leave their
"Wedlock suits you," he remarked. "I think, Watson, that you have put on seven and a half pounds since I saw you."
"Well and when the money's gone, what then?"
"Well then, go, go, go..." said Rostov, and refusing supper and
"Well then, mind and have cocks' comb in the turtle soup, you know!"
"Well!..." said the old count, spreading out his arms and sinking
"Well, I am glad to see you," Denisov interrupted him, and his
"Well, I did what she said, Mr. Holmes, and I carried the bird all the way to Kilburn. I told my pal what I had done, for he was a man that it was easy to tell a thing like that to. He laughed until he choked, and we got a knife and opened the goose. My heart turned to water, for there was no sign of the stone, and I knew that some terrible mistake had occurred. I left the bird, rushed back to my sister's, and hurried into the back yard. There was not a bird to be seen there.
"Well, I don't know why not," said the inspector. "He doesn't look a credit to the Bow Street cells, does he?" He slipped his key into the lock, and we all very quietly entered the cell. The sleeper half turned, and then settled down once more into a deep slumber. Holmes stooped to the water-jug, moistened his sponge, and then rubbed it twice vigorously across and down the prisoner's face.
"Well, I don't know. It's awkward and would make me ashamed."
"Well, I followed you to your door, and so made sure that I was really an object of interest to the celebrated Mr. Sherlock Holmes. Then I, rather imprudently, wished you good-night, and started for the Temple to see my husband.
"Well, I found my plans very seriously menaced. It looked as if the pair might take an immediate departure, and so necessitate very prompt and energetic measures on my part. At the church door, however, they separated, he driving back to the Temple, and she to her own house. 'I shall drive out in the park at five as usual,' she said as she left him. I heard no more. They drove away in different directions, and I went off to make my own arrangements."
"Well, I have no connection with any other people who have been making inquiries," said Holmes carelessly. "If you won't tell us the bet is off, that is all. But I'm always ready to back my opinion on a matter of fowls, and I have a fiver on it that the bird I ate is country bred."
"Well, I think you must be sleepy," said he, and began rapidly
"Well, I thought over the matter all day, and by evening I was in low spirits again; for I had quite persuaded myself that the whole affair must be some great hoax or fraud, though what its object might be I could not imagine. It seemed altogether past belief that anyone could make such a will, or that they would pay such a sum for doing anything so simple as copying out the Encyclopaedia Britannica. Vincent Spaulding did what he could to cheer me up, but by bedtime I had reasoned myself out of the whole thing. However, in the morning I determined to have a look at it anyhow, so I bought a penny bottle of ink, and with a quill-pen, and seven sheets of foolscap paper, I started off for Pope's Court.
"Well, I will read them, then!" Bagration seemed to say, and, fixing
"Well, Lelya?" he asked, turning instantly to his daughter and
"Well, Mr. Holmes, from the moment that I understood that there was something about that suite of rooms which I was not to know, I was all on fire to go over them. It was not mere curiosity, though I have my share of that. It was more a feeling of duty--a feeling that some good might come from my penetrating to this place. They talk of woman's instinct; perhaps it was woman's instinct which gave me that feeling. At any rate, it was there, and I was keenly on the lookout for any chance to pass the forbidden door.
"Well, Mr. Holmes, when I got back to my lodgings and found little enough in the cupboard, and two or three bills upon the table. I began to ask myself whether I had not done a very foolish thing. After all, if these people had strange fads and expected obedience on the most extraordinary matters, they were at least ready to pay for their eccentricity. Very few governesses in England are getting $100 a year. Besides, what use was my hair to me? Many people are improved by wearing it short and perhaps I should be among the number. Next day I was inclined to think that I had made a mistake, and by the day after I was sure of it. I had almost overcome my pride so far as to go back to the agency and inquire whether the place was still open when I received this letter from the gentleman himself. I have it here and I will read it to you:
"Well, Papa, I tell you definitely, and Mamma too, it's as you
"Well, Peter Kirilych, let's go and have a smoke," he said.
"Well, Prince, so Genoa and Lucca are now just family estates of the
"Well, Vasilich, is everything ready?" asked the count, and stroking
"Well, adorer and courtier of the Emperor Alexander, why don't you
"Well, and all this idiocy--Gossner and Tatawinova?" Denisov
"Well, and are you still true to Boris?" he continued.
"Well, and he?" asked the count.
"Well, and how is Prince Alexander to blame? He is a most
"Well, and how is she?" asked Pierre.
"Well, and is that all?" he asked.
"Well, and so he never got farther than: 'Sergey Kuzmich'?" asked
"Well, and that boy?"
"Well, and then, Sonya?..."
"Well, and to whom did you apply about Bory?" asked the countess.
"Well, and what are you going to do? Will you stay here if the enemy
"Well, and what happened when Mr. Windibank, your stepfather, returned to France?"
"Well, and you, have you a family estate, sir? And a house? So you
"Well, and you, young man," said he. "How do you feel, mon brave?"
"Well, and you? What are your plans?"
"Well, are you glad?" Natasha asked. "I am so tranquil and happy
"Well, down they came to the west country, there was no shaking them off, and there they have lived rent free on my best land ever since. There was no rest for me, no peace, no forgetfulness; turn where I would, there was his cunning, grinning face at my elbow. It grew worse as Alice grew up, for he soon saw I was more afraid of her knowing my past than of the police. Whatever he wanted he must have, and whatever it was I gave him without question, land, money, houses, until at last he asked a thing which I could not give. He asked for Alice.
"Well, father was going off to France again in a week, and Hosmer wrote and said that it would be safer and better not to see each other until he had gone. We could write in the meantime, and he used to write every day. I took the letters in in the morning, so there was no need for father to know."
"Well, friends, I have now thought the whole matter over and this is
"Well, go and see," he said, after a pause.
"Well, go on, go on. I am very glad," said Pierre, and his face
"Well, good-by, Prince," said he to Bagration. "My blessing, and may
"Well, good-by, Theodore. Thank you for everything and farewell!"
"Well, have it so, and you talked a lot of nonsense to him and
"Well, he is sure to keep an eye on the papers, since, to a poor man, the loss was a heavy one. He was clearly so scared by his mischance in breaking the window and by the approach of Peterson that he thought of nothing but flight, but since then he must have bitterly regretted the impulse which caused him to drop his bird. Then, again, the introduction of his name will cause him to see it, for everyone who knows him will direct his attention to it. Here you are, Peterson, run down to the advertising agency and have this put in the evening papers."
"Well, if you do, so much the better, and you can go back to her!"
"Well, is it true that it's peace and capitulation?" asked
"Well, it is just as I have been telling you, Mr. Sherlock Holmes," said Jabez Wilson, mopping his forehead; "I have a small pawnbroker's business at Coburg Square, near the City. It's not a very large affair, and of late years it has not done more than just give me a living. I used to be able to keep two assistants, but now I only keep one; and I would have a job to pay him but that he is willing to come for half wages so as to learn the business."
"Well, it is very ingenious," said I, laughing; "but since, as you said just now, there has been no crime committed, and no harm done save the loss of a goose, all this seems to be rather a waste of energy."
"Well, it was the beginning of '84 when my father came to live at Horsham, and all went as well as possible with us until the January of '85. On the fourth day after the new year I heard my father give a sharp cry of surprise as we sat together at the breakfast-table. There he was, sitting with a newly opened envelope in one hand and five dried orange pips in the outstretched palm of the other one. He had always laughed at what he called my cock-and-bull story about the colonel, but he looked very scared and puzzled now that the same thing had come upon himself.
"Well, lad," and a smile changed the tone of his voice "we thought
"Well, let's go and sing 'The Brook.'"
"Well, let's go," said Denisov, and rode all the way to the
"Well, messieurs et mesdames," said Nicholas loudly and with
"Well, nephew, you're going for a big wolf," said "Uncle." "Mind and
"Well, now we'll arrange something quite simple and becoming," she
"Well, now, in considering this case there are two points about young McCarthy's narrative which struck us both instantly, although they impressed me in his favour and you against him. One was the fact that his father should, according to his account, cry 'Cooee!' before seeing him. The other was his singular dying reference to a rat. He mumbled several words, you understand, but that was all that caught the son's ear. Now from this double point our research must commence, and we will begin it by presuming that what the lad says is absolutely true."
"Well, obviously it could not have been meant for the son. The son, as far as he knew, was in Bristol. It was mere chance that he was within earshot. The 'Cooee!' was meant to attract the attention of whoever it was that he had the appointment with. But 'Cooee' is a distinctly Australian cry, and one which is used between Australians. There is a strong presumption that the person whom McCarthy expected to meet him at Boscombe Pool was someone who had been in Australia."
"Well, of course it was obvious from the first that this Mr. Hosmer Angel must have some strong object for his curious conduct, and it was equally clear that the only man who really profited by the incident, as far as we could see, was the stepfather. Then the fact that the two men were never together, but that the one always appeared when the other was away, was suggestive. So were the tinted spectacles and the curious voice, which both hinted at a disguise, as did the bushy whiskers. My suspicions were all confirmed by his peculiar action in typewriting his signature, which, of course, inferred that his handwriting was so familiar to her that she would recognise even the smallest sample of it. You see all these isolated facts, together with many minor ones, all pointed in the same direction."
"Well, one more day and my grain and the peasants' will all be under
"Well, really!" he cried, and then he choked and laughed again until he was obliged to lie back, limp and helpless, in the chair.
"Well, say you went to the barn now, and listened. It depends on
"Well, send for him... and how do you get on with that German?"
"Well, she had a slate-coloured, broad-brimmed straw hat, with a feather of a brickish red. Her jacket was black, with black beads sewn upon it, and a fringe of little black jet ornaments. Her dress was brown, rather darker than coffee colour, with a little purple plush at the neck and sleeves. Her gloves were greyish and were worn through at the right forefinger. Her boots I didn't observe. She had small round, hanging gold earrings, and a general air of being fairly well-to-do in a vulgar, comfortable, easy-going way."
"Well, she loves me and you like that."
"Well, sit down by me." But Natasha stayed by her mother and glanced
"Well, supposing N. N. swindled the country and the Tsar, and the
"Well, that is clear enough, certainly. But how about the foresight and the moral retrogression?"
"Well, that's it then! You know that there is a there and there is a
"Well, the snuff, then, and the Freemasonry?"
"Well, then, au revoir!" said the count, and went out of the room.
"Well, then, listen! I'll go to the police officer, and you tell
"Well, then, of course I saw it all, and I ran off as hard as my feet would carry me to this man Breckinridge; but he had sold the lot at once, and not one word would he tell me as to where they had gone. You heard him yourselves to-night. Well, he has always answered me like that. My sister thinks that I am going mad. Sometimes I think that I am myself. And now--and now I am myself a branded thief, without ever having touched the wealth for which I sold my character. God help me! God help me!" He burst into convulsive sobbing, with his face buried in his hands.
"Well, there is at least a curious coincidence of dates. A ventilator is made, a cord is hung, and a lady who sleeps in the bed dies. Does not that strike you?"
"Well, there seems to me to be only one possible solution. Mr. Rucastle seemed to be a very kind, good-natured man. Is it not possible that his wife is a lunatic, that he desires to keep the matter quiet for fear she should be taken to an asylum, and that he humours her fancies in every way in order to prevent an outbreak?"
"Well, to come to an end of the matter, Mr. Holmes, and not to abuse your patience, there came a night when he made one of those drunken sallies from which he never came back. We found him, when we went to search for him, face downward in a little green-scummed pool, which lay at the foot of the garden. There was no sign of any violence, and the water was but two feet deep, so that the jury, having regard to his known eccentricity, brought in a verdict of 'suicide.' But I, who knew how he winced from the very thought of death, had much ado to persuade myself that he had gone out of his way to meet it. The matter passed, however, and my father entered into possession of the estate, and of some $14,000, which lay to his credit at the bank."
"Well, to mention only firewood and fodder, let me inform you.
"Well, to my surprise and delight, everything was as right as possible. The table was set out ready for me, and Mr. Duncan Ross was there to see that I got fairly to work. He started me off upon the letter A, and then he left me; but he would drop in from time to time to see that all was right with me. At two o'clock he bade me good-day, complimented me upon the amount that I had written, and locked the door of the office after me.
"Well, to tell the truth, I saw then the first signs that I had ever seen that her temper was just a little sharp. The incident however, was too trivial to relate and can have no possible bearing upon the case."
"Well, very soon I found that I was saving considerable sums of money. I do not mean that any beggar in the streets of London could earn $700 a year--which is less than my average takings--but I had exceptional advantages in my power of making up, and also in a facility of repartee, which improved by practice and made me quite a recognised character in the City. All day a stream of pennies, varied by silver, poured in upon me, and it was a very bad day in which I failed to take $2.
"Well, we will take it as a working hypothesis for want of a better. Boone, as I have told you, was arrested and taken to the station, but it could not be shown that there had ever before been anything against him. He had for years been known as a professional beggar, but his life appeared to have been a very quiet and innocent one. There the matter stands at present, and the questions which have to be solved--what Neville St. Clair was doing in the opium den, what happened to him when there, where is he now, and what Hugh Boone had to do with his disappearance--are all as far from a solution as ever. I confess that I cannot recall any case within my experience which looked at the first glance so simple and yet which presented such difficulties."
"Well, what do you want us to do?" he repeated and his eye shone
"Well, when I called last week I was shown into the little office as usual, but I found that Miss Stoper was not alone. A prodigiously stout man with a very smiling face and a great heavy chin which rolled down in fold upon fold over his throat sat at her elbow with a pair of glasses on his nose, looking very earnestly at the ladies who entered. As I came in he gave quite a jump in his chair and turned quickly to Miss Stoper.
"Well, you can ask the King of Proosia, for all I care. I've had enough of it. Get out of this!" He rushed fiercely forward, and the inquirer flitted away into the darkness.
"Well, you can easily think that that made me prick up my ears, for the business has not been over good for some years, and an extra couple of hundred would have been very handy.
"Well, you can imagine how hard it was to settle down to arduous work at $2 a week when I knew that I could earn as much in a day by smearing my face with a little paint, laying my cap on the ground, and sitting still. It was a long fight between my pride and the money, but the dollars won at last, and I threw up reporting and sat day after day in the corner which I had first chosen, inspiring pity by my ghastly face and filling my pockets with coppers. Only one man knew my secret. He was the keeper of a low den in which I used to lodge in Swandam Lane, where I could every morning emerge as a squalid beggar and in the evenings transform myself into a well-dressed man about town. This fellow, a Lascar, was well paid by me for his rooms, so that I knew that my secret was safe in his possession.
"Well, you know father didn't like anything of the sort. He wouldn't have any visitors if he could help it, and he used to say that a woman should be happy in her own family circle. But then, as I used to say to mother, a woman wants her own circle to begin with, and I had not got mine yet."
"Well, you must excuse me, because... because... I shall go, and
"Well, you see, my dear princess and cousin, Catherine Semenovna,"
"Well, you'd better not play," Dolokhov added, and springing a new
"Well, you've told me nothing new," and the old man repeated,
"Well, young man?" he said with a sigh, and from under his lifted
"Well, your own good sense will suggest what measures I took next. I went in the shape of a loafer to Sir George's house, managed to pick up an acquaintance with his valet, learned that his master had cut his head the night before, and, finally, at the expense of six shillings, made all sure by buying a pair of his cast-off shoes. With these I journeyed down to Streatham and saw that they exactly fitted the tracks."
"Well," he went on with an evident effort at self-control and
"Well," said our engineer ruefully as we took our seats to return once more to London, "it has been a pretty business for me! I have lost my thumb and I have lost a fifty-guinea fee, and what have I gained?"
"Well--had a good time?" said the old count, smiling gaily and
"Well?" she cried, "well?" And then, seeing that there were two of us, she gave a cry of hope which sank into a groan as she saw that my companion shook his head and shrugged his shoulders.
"Wh-what is the matter?" asked both the young and old Rostov.
"What a darling our Papa is!" she cried, kissing him, and she
"What a lot of those Frenchies were taken today, and the fact is
"What a woman--oh, what a woman!" cried the King of Bohemia, when we had all three read this epistle. "Did I not tell you how quick and resolute she was? Would she not have made an admirable queen? Is it not a pity that she was not on my level?"
"What are you doing!" she cried vehemently. "He is dying and you
"What becomes, then, of these nocturnal whistles, and what of the very peculiar words of the dying woman?"
"What can he say? Tra-di-ri-di-ra and so on... merely to gain
"What else can be indicated by that right cuff so very shiny for five inches, and the left one with the smooth patch near the elbow where you rest it upon the desk?"
"What error or evil can there be in my wishing to do good, and even
"What force!" remarked one. "Knocked the roof and ceiling all to
"What have I said and what have I done?" thought she, as soon as she
"What is it?" he said crossly, and, his hand shaking
"What is the matter, Count?" asked the countess in a surprised and
"What next?" the princess interrupted, smiling sardonically and
"What prince? Ours?" said many voices, and the men were in such
"What were losses, and Dolokhov, and words of honor?... All
"What would it cost you to say a word to the Emperor, and then he
"What! where?" shouted Mr. Windibank, turning white to his lips and glancing about him like a rat in a trap.
"What!" Sherlock Holmes staggered back, white with chagrin and surprise. "Do you mean that she has left England?"
"What's he talking about? Get along!" said several voices, and one
"What's this? Am I falling? My legs are giving way," thought he, and
"What? Revolution and regicide a grand thing?... Well, after that...
"What? What? Why? Don't ask me," said Pierre, and looked round at
"Whatever is this? This!" he shouted and stood still. "Commander
"Whatever the European sovereigns and commanders may do to
"Whatever your reasons may be, you are perfectly correct," said she. "I started from home before six, reached Leatherhead at twenty past, and came in by the first train to Waterloo. Sir, I can stand this strain no longer; I shall go mad if it continues. I have no one to turn to--none, save only one, who cares for me, and he, poor fellow, can be of little aid. I have heard of you, Mr. Holmes; I have heard of you from Mrs. Farintosh, whom you helped in the hour of her sore need. It was from her that I had your address. Oh, sir, do you not think that you could help me, too, and at least throw a little light through the dense darkness which surrounds me? At present it is out of my power to reward you for your services, but in a month or six weeks I shall be married, with the control of my own income, and then at least you shall not find me ungrateful."
"When Dr. Roylott was in India he married my mother, Mrs. Stoner, the young widow of Major-General Stoner, of the Bengal Artillery. My sister Julia and I were twins, and we were only two years old at the time of my mother's re-marriage. She had a considerable sum of money--not less than $1000 a year--and this she bequeathed to Dr. Roylott entirely while we resided with him, with a provision that a certain annual sum should be allowed to each of us in the event of our marriage. Shortly after our return to England my mother died--she was killed eight years ago in a railway accident near Crewe. Dr. Roylott then abandoned his attempts to establish himself in practice in London and took us to live with him in the old ancestral house at Stoke Moran. The money which my mother had left was enough for all our wants, and there seemed to be no obstacle to our happiness.
"When I arrived at the house," continued Holmes, "I at once went very carefully round it to observe if there were any traces in the snow which might help me. I knew that none had fallen since the evening before, and also that there had been a strong frost to preserve impressions. I passed along the tradesmen's path, but found it all trampled down and indistinguishable. Just beyond it, however, at the far side of the kitchen door, a woman had stood and talked with a man, whose round impressions on one side showed that he had a wooden leg. I could even tell that they had been disturbed, for the woman had run back swiftly to the door, as was shown by the deep toe and light heel marks, while Wooden-leg had waited a little, and then had gone away. I thought at the time that this might be the maid and her sweetheart, of whom you had already spoken to me, and inquiry showed it was so. I passed round the garden without seeing anything more than random tracks, which I took to be the police; but when I got into the st

"When I got back I told my maid, who had known him in California, and had always been his friend. I ordered her to say nothing, but to get a few things packed and my ulster ready. I know I ought to have spoken to Lord St. Simon, but it was dreadful hard before his mother and all those great people. I just made up my mind to run away and explain afterwards. I hadn't been at the table ten minutes before I saw Frank out of the window at the other side of the road. He beckoned to me and then began walking into the Park. I slipped out, put on my things, and followed him. Some woman came talking something or other about Lord St. Simon to me--seemed to me from the little I heard as if he had a little secret of his own before marriage also--but I managed to get away from her and soon overtook Frank. We got into a cab together, and away we drove to some lodgings he had taken in Gordon Square, and that was my true wedding after all those years of waiting. Frank had been a prisoner among the Apaches, had escaped, came 

"When I told him that duty and the oath were above everything, he
"When I went down there I found him talking with his son, so I smoked a cigar and waited behind a tree until he should be alone. But as I listened to his talk all that was black and bitter in me seemed to come uppermost. He was urging his son to marry my daughter with as little regard for what she might think as if she were a slut from off the streets. It drove me mad to think that I and all that I held most dear should be in the power of such a man as this. Could I not snap the bond? I was already a dying and a desperate man. Though clear of mind and fairly strong of limb, I knew that my own fate was sealed. But my memory and my girl! Both could be saved if I could but silence that foul tongue. I did it, Mr. Holmes. I would do it again. Deeply as I have sinned, I have led a life of martyrdom to atone for it. But that my girl should be entangled in the same meshes which held me was more than I could suffer. I struck him down with no more compunction than if he had been some foul and venomous beast. His cry b

"When am I to wear it?" and Natasha stuck it in her coil of hair.
"When did my father and sister leave?" meaning when did they leave
"When evening came I felt that it would be an imprudence to leave so precious a thing in the office behind me. Bankers' safes had been forced before now, and why should not mine be? If so, how terrible would be the position in which I should find myself! I determined, therefore, that for the next few days I would always carry the case backward and forward with me, so that it might never be really out of my reach. With this intention, I called a cab and drove out to my house at Streatham, carrying the jewel with me. I did not breathe freely until I had taken it upstairs and locked it in the bureau of my dressing-room.
"When he was gone I unlocked my bureau, made sure that my treasure was safe, and locked it again. Then I started to go round the house to see that all was secure--a duty which I usually leave to Mary but which I thought it well to perform myself that night. As I came down the stairs I saw Mary herself at the side window of the hall, which she closed and fastened as I approached.
"When my father took over the Horsham property, he, at my request, made a careful examination of the attic, which had been always locked up. We found the brass box there, although its contents had been destroyed. On the inside of the cover was a paper label, with the initials of K. K. K. repeated upon it, and 'Letters, memoranda, receipts, and a register' written beneath. These, we presume, indicated the nature of the papers which had been destroyed by Colonel Openshaw. For the rest, there was nothing of much importance in the attic save a great many scattered papers and note-books bearing upon my uncle's life in America. Some of them were of the war time and showed that he had done his duty well and had borne the repute of a brave soldier. Others were of a date during the reconstruction of the Southern states, and were mostly concerned with politics, for he had evidently taken a strong part in opposing the carpet-bag politicians who had been sent down from the North.
"When we were taking coffee in the drawing-room that night after dinner, I told Arthur and Mary my experience, and of the precious treasure which we had under our roof, suppressing only the name of my client. Lucy Parr, who had brought in the coffee, had, I am sure, left the room; but I cannot swear that the door was closed. Mary and Arthur were much interested and wished to see the famous coronet, but I thought it better not to disturb it.
"When you see a man with whiskers of that cut and the 'Pink 'un' protruding out of his pocket, you can always draw him by a bet," said he. "I daresay that if I had put $100 down in front of him, that man would not have given me such complete information as was drawn from him by the idea that he was doing me on a wager. Well, Watson, we are, I fancy, nearing the end of our quest, and the only point which remains to be determined is whether we should go on to this Mrs. Oakshott to-night, or whether we should reserve it for to-morrow. It is clear from what that surly fellow said that there are others besides ourselves who are anxious about the matter, and I should--"
"Where am I? Oh yes, in the skirmishing line... pass and
"Where you are, there is vice and evil!" said Pierre to his wife.
"Where? I send them away and take a weceipt for them," shouted
"Who was he, then, and what was his object in deserting Miss Sutherland?"
"Why 'What the devil'?" said Boris, picking it up and reading the
"Why are you going? Why are you upset?" asked Natasha, and she
"Why did you come away to consult me in such a hurry?" asked Sherlock Holmes, with his finger-tips together and his eyes to the ceiling.
"Why did you come to me," he cried, "and, above all, why did you not come at once?"
"Why didn't you say who you were?" and turning with a smile he held
"Why is it others see things and I don't?" she said. "You sit down
"Why not then declare it?" Still there was uncertainty and delegates
"Why should I envy them? My chance is not lost, and maybe I shall
"Why shouldn't I speak? I can speak as I like, and I tell you
"Why talk of me?" she said quietly and glanced at Natasha.
"Why were bundles of useless papers from the government offices, and
"Why? I love you more than ever," said Princess Mary, "and I will
"Why? Let him be," said Pierre, taking Nicholas by the arm and
"Why? No, tell me!" Natasha began resolutely and suddenly stopped.
"Will you have the portmanteaus brought in? And a bed got ready, and
"With a short coat and his hair cropped; just as if, well, just as
"With my father and sister, remember," said Prince Andrew gently.
"Without, however, the knowledge of pre-existing cases which serves me so well. There was a parallel instance in Aberdeen some years back, and something on very much the same lines at Munich the year after the Franco-Prussian War. It is one of these cases--but, hullo, here is Lestrade! Good-afternoon, Lestrade! You will find an extra tumbler upon the sideboard, and there are cigars in the box."
"Witness: I was so disturbed and excited as I rushed out into the open, that I could think of nothing except of my father. Yet I have a vague impression that as I ran forward something lay upon the ground to the left of me. It seemed to me to be something grey in colour, a coat of some sort, or a plaid perhaps. When I rose from my father I looked round for it, but it was gone.
"Women, women! Women's fuss!" muttered Alpatych to himself and
"Would you like a little mash?" the first soldier asked, and
"Write and tell your brother to wait till I am dead.... It won't
"Write to her and let me know how her father looks at the matter. Au
"Yakov Alpatych, discharge me! Take the keys from me and discharge
"Yes and no mistake!" cried Denisov. "You worked like wegular bwicks
"Yes, Count," she would say, "he is too noble and pure-souled for
"Yes, Father, I have come come to you and brought my wife who is
"Yes, I do," said Pierre. "But what was that you said: Frola and
"Yes, I have heard of his scheme for perpetual peace, and it is very
"Yes, I saw him, and am convinced that he fears nothing so much as a
"Yes, I think so," he said reluctantly, and left the study.
"Yes, I was a fool! I still believed in people, loved them, and
"Yes, Mamma, I tell you sincerely that these are hard and sad
"Yes, Princess" to all Princess Mary's questions and hardly
"Yes, and I confess that the contents startled me beyond measure. Have you good authority for what you say?"
"Yes, and I have no doubt that is her ring."
"Yes, and I have some money and a letter to give you," he added.
"Yes, and a most remarkable bird it proved. I don't wonder that you should take an interest in it. It laid an egg after it was dead--the bonniest, brightest little blue egg that ever was seen. I have it here in my museum."
"Yes, and even tomorrow," replied her brother.
"Yes, and for me nothing else is serious. All the time in Petersburg
"Yes, and he is over sixty. I hear the count no longer recognizes
"Yes, and nothing more." said Natasha.
"Yes, and she was the girl who waited in the drawing-room, and who may have heard uncle's remarks about the coronet."
"Yes, and so you are once more an eligible bachelor," said
"Yes, and some wine," answered the captain.
"Yes, and there, further on, are the French," said the officer.
"Yes, and this is not a time for discussing," he continued, "but for
"Yes, and to drink," assented Nicholas. "Hullo there! Another
"Yes, and where do you put the others?" inquired Dolokhov.
"Yes, and yet he is quite different. They say men are friends when
"Yes, and you remember how Papa in his blue overcoat fired a gun
"Yes, but it's a secret society and therefore a hostile and
"Yes, but only for you and me."
"Yes, do. You'll see everything from there and it's less
"Yes, go and find out!" shouted the angry gentleman. "They've
"Yes, go back," said Marya Dmitrievna, "and wait there. If your
"Yes, have you not heard? Poor father has never been strong for years back, but this has broken him down completely. He has taken to his bed, and Dr. Willows says that he is a wreck and that his nervous system is shattered. Mr. McCarthy was the only man alive who had known dad in the old days in Victoria."
"Yes, he died, and I did not know he was alive. How sorry I am that he
"Yes, he meant to look in," answered Helene, and glanced attentively
"Yes, her father brought her over for this last London season. I met her several times, became engaged to her, and have now married her."
"Yes, it did. I fainted when it was done, and I think that I must have been senseless for a long time. When I came to I found that it was still bleeding, so I tied one end of my handkerchief very tightly round the wrist and braced it up with a twig."
"Yes, it is he! Yes, that man is somehow closely and painfully
"Yes, it is the same oak," thought Prince Andrew, and all at once he
"Yes, it was death! I died--and woke up. Yes, death is an
"Yes, it would have been of no use to anyone had we not done so. But I presume that this other goose upon the sideboard, which is about the same weight and perfectly fresh, will answer your purpose equally well?"
"Yes, it's from Julie," replied the princess with a timid glance and
"Yes, let's go in and I will get myself a roll and some cheese,"
"Yes, like a man. Everything quite all right, and he began
"Yes, my correspondence has certainly the charm of variety," he answered, smiling, "and the humbler are usually the more interesting. This looks like one of those unwelcome social summonses which call upon a man either to be bored or to lie."
"Yes, my stepfather. I call him father, though it sounds funny, too, for he is only five years and two months older than myself."
"Yes, please do," answered the general, and he repeated the order
"Yes, she's fast enough," replied Nicholas, and thought: "If only
"Yes, sir, I do, and I am ready enough to tell what I know."
"Yes, sir, and there's a light in your father's study."
"Yes, sir, but very quietly. It was to be at St. Saviour's, near King's Cross, and we were to have breakfast afterwards at the St. Pancras Hotel. Hosmer came for us in a hansom, but as there were two of us he put us both into it and stepped himself into a four-wheeler, which happened to be the only other cab in the street. We got to the church first, and when the four-wheeler drove up we waited for him to step out, but he never did, and when the cabman got down from the box and looked there was no one there! The cabman said that he could not imagine what had become of him, for he had seen him get in with his own eyes. That was last Friday, Mr. Holmes, and I have never seen or heard anything since then to throw any light upon what became of him."
"Yes, sir. And no later than this morning. I went to my work as usual at ten o'clock, but the door was shut and locked, with a little square of cardboard hammered on to the middle of the panel with a tack. Here it is, and you can read for yourself."
"Yes, sir. He and a girl of fourteen, who does a bit of simple cooking and keeps the place clean--that's all I have in the house, for I am a widower and never had any family. We live very quietly, sir, the three of us; and we keep a roof over our heads and pay our debts, if we do nothing more.
"Yes, sir. I met him that night, and he called next day to ask if we had got home all safe, and after that we met him--that is to say, Mr. Holmes, I met him twice for walks, but after that father came back again, and Mr. Hosmer Angel could not come to the house any more."
"Yes, sire, and Moscow is now in ashes. I left it all in flames,"
"Yes, sire," and the aide-de-camp disappeared through the door of
"Yes, that all happened!" he said, and, smiling happily to himself
"Yes, that is it." It was a widespread, comfortable-looking building, two-storied, slate-roofed, with great yellow blotches of lichen upon the grey walls. The drawn blinds and the smokeless chimneys, however, gave it a stricken look, as though the weight of this horror still lay heavy upon it. We called at the door, when the maid, at Holmes' request, showed us the boots which her master wore at the time of his death, and also a pair of the son's, though not the pair which he had then had. Having measured these very carefully from seven or eight different points, Holmes desired to be led to the court-yard, from which we all followed the winding track which led to Boscombe Pool.
"Yes, that's it!" cried the count, opening his moist eyes and
"Yes, these verses Nicholas wrote himself and I copied some
"Yes, they say it's burned," he said. "It's a great pity," and he
"Yes, they worked all day and didn't play!" remarked the tall,
"Yes, wait a bit," said Denisov, glancing round at the officers, and
"Yes, yes!" cried Natasha opening her eyes wide, and vaguely
"Yes, yes, I know. Let us go in..." said Pierre and entered the
"Yes, yes, and so...?" Pierre kept saying as he leaned toward her
"Yes, yes, go and tell them to get it ready," she answered,
"Yes, yes, if you please! It is already late," said he, and
"Yes, yes, let us go," said Rostov hastily, and lowering his eyes
"Yes, yes, thank God! Well, and what news from the army?"
"Yes, yes," muttered Bagration as if considering something, and he
"Yes, you can well enjoy the evening now! He is gone and no one will
"Yes, your honor," the soldier replied complacently, and rolling his
"Yes," I answered, laughing. "It was a singular document. Philosophy, astronomy, and politics were marked at zero, I remember. Botany variable, geology profound as regards the mud-stains from any region within fifty miles of town, chemistry eccentric, anatomy unsystematic, sensational literature and crime records unique, violin-player, boxer, swordsman, lawyer, and self-poisoner by cocaine and tobacco. Those, I think, were the main points of my analysis."
"Yes," Pierre replied, and went on with what was in his mind.
"Yes," he said, softly and distinctly. "Russia has perished. They've
"Yes," returned Pierre with a smile, "and this young man now manages
"Yes. Four days ago in this room, Wintzingerode and Stein were
"Yes. He was brought up and remanded for further inquiries."
"Yes. Her bed this morning had not been slept in, her room was empty, and a note for me lay upon the hall table. I had said to her last night, in sorrow and not in anger, that if she had married my boy all might have been well with him. Perhaps it was thoughtless of me to say so. It is to that remark that she refers in this note:
"Yes. We had occasion some months ago to strengthen our resources and borrowed for that purpose 30,000 napoleons from the Bank of France. It has become known that we have never had occasion to unpack the money, and that it is still lying in our cellar. The crate upon which I sit contains 2,000 napoleons packed between layers of lead foil. Our reserve of bullion is much larger at present than is usually kept in a single branch office, and the directors have had misgivings upon the subject."
"Yes: ideas of robbery, murder, and regicide," again interjected
"Yes; I rather think he is coming to consult me professionally. I think that I recognise the symptoms. Ha! did I not tell you?" As he spoke, the man, puffing and blowing, rushed at our door and pulled at our bell until the whole house resounded with the clanging.
"Yes; and he seemed to think, with me, that something had happened, and that I should hear of Hosmer again. As he said, what interest could anyone have in bringing me to the doors of the church, and then leaving me? Now, if he had borrowed my money, or if he had married me and got my money settled on him, there might be some reason, but Hosmer was very independent about money and never would look at a shilling of mine. And yet, what could have happened? And why could he not write? Oh, it drives me half-mad to think of it, and I can't sleep a wink at night." She pulled a little handkerchief out of her muff and began to sob heavily into it.
"Yes; one of my natural enemies, or, shall I say, my natural prey. Briefly, Watson, I am in the midst of a very remarkable inquiry, and I have hoped to find a clue in the incoherent ramblings of these sots, as I have done before now. Had I been recognised in that den my life would not have been worth an hour's purchase; for I have used it before now for my own purposes, and the rascally Lascar who runs it has sworn to have vengeance upon me. There is a trap-door at the back of that building, near the corner of Paul's Wharf, which could tell some strange tales of what has passed through it upon the moonless nights."
"Yet if the lady is correct in saying that the flooring and walls are sound, and that the door, window, and chimney are impassable, then her sister must have been undoubtedly alone when she met her mysterious end."
"You absolutely must come and see me," she said in a tone that
"You are always charming and melancholy, my dear Julie," she said to
"You are joking," replied Pierre, growing more and more excited.
"You are mistaken," said Boris deliberately, with a bold and
"You are not very vulnerable from above," Holmes remarked as he held up the lantern and gazed about him.
"You are the first who have ever heard my story. My father was a schoolmaster in Chesterfield, where I received an excellent education. I travelled in my youth, took to the stage, and finally became a reporter on an evening paper in London. One day my editor wished to have a series of articles upon begging in the metropolis, and I volunteered to supply them. There was the point from which all my adventures started. It was only by trying begging as an amateur that I could get the facts upon which to base my articles. When an actor I had, of course, learned all the secrets of making up, and had been famous in the green-room for my skill. I took advantage now of my attainments. I painted my face, and to make myself as pitiable as possible I made a good scar and fixed one side of my lip in a twist by the aid of a small slip of flesh-coloured plaster. Then with a red head of hair, and an appropriate dress, I took my station in the business part of the city, ostensibly as a match-seller but really as a beggar. For

"You can at least tell me whether my own thought is correct, and if she died from some sudden fright."
"You can imagine from what I say that my poor sister Julia and I had no great pleasure in our lives. No servant would stay with us, and for a long time we did all the work of the house. She was but thirty at the time of her death, and yet her hair had already begun to whiten, even as mine has."
"You did not get my letter?" he asked, and not waiting for a
"You did, Doctor, but none the less you must come round to my view, for otherwise I shall keep on piling fact upon fact on you until your reason breaks down under them and acknowledges me to be right. Now, Mr. Jabez Wilson here has been good enough to call upon me this morning, and to begin a narrative which promises to be one of the most singular which I have listened to for some time. You have heard me remark that the strangest and most unique things are very often connected not with the larger but with the smaller crimes, and occasionally, indeed, where there is room for doubt whether any positive crime has been committed. As far as I have heard, it is impossible for me to say whether the present case is an instance of crime or not, but the course of events is certainly among the most singular that I have ever listened to. Perhaps, Mr. Wilson, you would have the great kindness to recommence your narrative. I ask you not merely because my friend Dr. Watson has not heard the opening part but also because th

"You didn't know this dead man, McCarthy. He was a devil incarnate. I tell you that. God keep you out of the clutches of such a man as he. His grip has been upon me these twenty years, and he has blasted my life. I'll tell you first how I came to be in his power.
"You drop this nonsense and tell the people to get ready to leave
"You fill me with interest," said Holmes. "Pray give us the essential facts from the commencement, and I can afterwards question you as to those details which seem to me to be most important."
"You had my note?" he asked with a deep harsh voice and a strongly marked German accent. "I told you that I would call." He looked from one to the other of us, as if uncertain which to address.
"You have come to me to tell your story, have you not?" said he. "You are fatigued with your haste. Pray wait until you have recovered yourself, and then I shall be most happy to look into any little problem which you may submit to me."
"You have done well indeed!" cried Holmes with enthusiasm. "Now lead the way, and we shall soon see the end of this black business."
"You have erred, perhaps," he observed, taking up a glowing cinder with the tongs and lighting with it the long cherry-wood pipe which was wont to replace his clay when he was in a disputatious rather than a meditative mood--"you have erred perhaps in attempting to put colour and life into each of your statements instead of confining yourself to the task of placing upon record that severe reasoning from cause to effect which is really the only notable feature about the thing."
"You have quite turned his head, and why? What do you want of him?
"You have really got it!" he cried, grasping Sherlock Holmes by either shoulder and looking eagerly into his face.
"You have seen? You have seen?..." Kutuzov shouted frowning, and
"You interest me extremely," said Holmes. "And since you draw so large a sum as a hundred a year, with what you earn into the bargain, you no doubt travel a little and indulge yourself in every way. I believe that a single lady can get on very nicely upon an income of about $60."
"You just wait a moment, my dear fellow, and listen," interrupted
"You know Him not, my dear sir, and so you are very unhappy. You
"You know I have asked Papa and Mamma about that Negro," said
"You know Sonya, my cousin? I love her, and promised to marry her,
"You know," said the princess in the same tone of voice and still in
"You live in the country and don't think the life terrible," he
"You may imagine, Mr. Holmes, that to me, destitute as I was, such an offer seemed almost too good to be true. The gentleman, however, seeing perhaps the look of incredulity upon my face, opened a pocket-book and took out a note.
"You may place considerable confidence in Mr. Holmes, sir," said the police agent loftily. "He has his own little methods, which are, if he won't mind my saying so, just a little too theoretical and fantastic, but he has the makings of a detective in him. It is not too much to say that once or twice, as in that business of the Sholto murder and the Agra treasure, he has been more nearly correct than the official force."
"You must confine yourself to your room, on pretence of a headache, when your stepfather comes back. Then when you hear him retire for the night, you must open the shutters of your window, undo the hasp, put your lamp there as a signal to us, and then withdraw quietly with everything which you are likely to want into the room which you used to occupy. I have no doubt that, in spite of the repairs, you could manage there for one night."
"You must go away too, take away what you can and tell the serfs to go
"You must know," said he, "that I am an orphan and a bachelor, residing alone in lodgings in London. By profession I am a hydraulic engineer, and I have had considerable experience of my work during the seven years that I was apprenticed to Venner & Matheson, the well-known firm, of Greenwich. Two years ago, having served my time, and having also come into a fair sum of money through my poor father's death, I determined to start in business for myself and took professional chambers in Victoria Street.
"You must not fear," said he soothingly, bending forward and patting her forearm. "We shall soon set matters right, I have no doubt. You have come in by train this morning, I see."
"You promised Countess Rostova to marry her and were about to
"You reasoned it out beautifully," I exclaimed in unfeigned admiration. "It is so long a chain, and yet every link rings true."
"You remember," said Sonya with a solemn and frightened
"You remember?" Sonya went on. "I saw it then and told everybody,
"You say you can't see a reign of goodness and truth on earth. Nor
"You see I have known him a long time and am also fond of Mary, your
"You see! I have asked," whispered Natasha to her little brother and
"You see! They are asking to attack and making plans of all kinds,
"You see, Watson," he explained in the early hours of the morning as we sat over a glass of whisky and soda in Baker Street, "it was perfectly obvious from the first that the only possible object of this rather fantastic business of the advertisement of the League, and the copying of the Encyclopaedia, must be to get this not over-bright pawnbroker out of the way for a number of hours every day. It was a curious way of managing it, but, really, it would be difficult to suggest a better. The method was no doubt suggested to Clay's ingenious mind by the colour of his accomplice's hair. The $4 a week was a lure which must draw him, and what was it to them, who were playing for thousands? They put in the advertisement, one rogue has the temporary office, the other rogue incites the man to apply for it, and together they manage to secure his absence every morning in the week. From the time that I heard of the assistant having come for half wages, it was obvious to me that he had some strong motive for securing th

"You see, brothers..." said he when the shouts had ceased... and all
"You see, dear man, this is not a sewing shop, and I had no proper
"You see," he suddenly said, "I am a kinsman of the count's and he
"You see," remarked Holmes, as we paced to and fro in front of the house, "this marriage rather simplifies matters. The photograph becomes a double-edged weapon now. The chances are that she would be as averse to its being seen by Mr. Godfrey Norton, as our client is to its coming to the eyes of his princess. Now the question is, Where are we to find the photograph?"
"You seem to me to have acted all through this matter like a very brave and sensible girl, Miss Hunter. Do you think that you could perform one more feat? I should not ask it of you if I did not think you a quite exceptional woman."
"You shut up the windows and doors the night before. Did you fasten all the windows?"
"You think I'm an old man and don't understand the present state
"You think so?" rejoined Anna Pavlovna in order to say something and
"You thought!" shouted the prince, his words coming more and more
"You used to want to, and now you don't. Really I don't understand
"You value your own pride and don't wish to apologize," continued
"You warm your back and your belly gets frozen. That's queer."
"You were yourself struck by the nature of the injury as recorded by the surgeon at the inquest. The blow was struck from immediately behind, and yet was upon the left side. Now, how can that be unless it were by a left-handed man? He had stood behind that tree during the interview between the father and son. He had even smoked there. I found the ash of a cigar, which my special knowledge of tobacco ashes enables me to pronounce as an Indian cigar. I have, as you know, devoted some attention to this, and written a little monograph on the ashes of 140 different varieties of pipe, cigar, and cigarette tobacco. Having found the ash, I then looked round and discovered the stump among the moss where he had tossed it. It was an Indian cigar, of the variety which are rolled in Rotterdam."
"You will be treated as is fitting," said he and, putting the packet
"You will excuse my calling so late," she began, and then, suddenly losing her self-control, she ran forward, threw her arms about my wife's neck, and sobbed upon her shoulder. "Oh, I'm in such trouble!" she cried; "I do so want a little help."
"You will excuse my troubling you, I am sure," said she, as my companion rose to greet her, "but I have had a very strange experience, and as I have no parents or relations of any sort from whom I could ask advice, I thought that perhaps you would be kind enough to tell me what I should do."
"You will excuse this mask," continued our strange visitor. "The august person who employs me wishes his agent to be unknown to you, and I may confess at once that the title by which I have just called myself is not exactly my own."
"You will find it rather disconnected, I fear, and there may prove to be little relation between the different incidents of which I speak. On the very first day that I was at the Copper Beeches, Mr. Rucastle took me to a small outhouse which stands near the kitchen door. As we approached it I heard the sharp rattling of a chain, and the sound as of a large animal moving about.
"You will go far," he said, and took him to Tilsit with him.
"You will observe," said Holmes, laying down the volume, "that the sudden breaking up of the society was coincident with the disappearance of Openshaw from America with their papers. It may well have been cause and effect. It is no wonder that he and his family have some of the more implacable spirits upon their track. You can understand that this register and diary may implicate some of the first men in the South, and that there may be many who will not sleep easy at night until it is recovered."
"You won't do it again, eh?" said one of the soldiers, winking and
"You're a scoundrel and a blackguard, and I don't know what deprives
"You're always like that; you thwow a thing down anywhere and forget
"You've let the wolf go!... What sportsmen!" and as if scorning to
"You...! you... scoundrel! I challenge you!" he ejaculated, and,
"Your boy, Arthur, went to bed after his interview with you but he slept badly on account of his uneasiness about his club debts. In the middle of the night he heard a soft tread pass his door, so he rose and, looking out, was surprised to see his cousin walking very stealthily along the passage until she disappeared into your dressing-room. Petrified with astonishment, the lad slipped on some clothes and waited there in the dark to see what would come of this strange affair. Presently she emerged from the room again, and in the light of the passage-lamp your son saw that she carried the precious coronet in her hands. She passed down the stairs, and he, thrilling with horror, ran along and slipped behind the curtain near your door, whence he could see what passed in the hall beneath. He saw her stealthily open the window, hand out the coronet to someone in the gloom, and then closing it once more hurry back to her room, passing quite close to where he stood hid behind the curtain.
"Your excellency," said he in German, stepping forward and
"Your experience has been a most entertaining one," remarked Holmes as his client paused and refreshed his memory with a huge pinch of snuff. "Pray continue your very interesting statement."
"Your... your excellency," stammered Alpatych and broke into sobs.
"a cow and her calf were given for a bushel of salt, while a suit of
"a spreading inflammatory oedema attended with emphysema, and ultimately
"and Vereshchagin..."
"and a second at Smolensk"--he showed a scar on his cheek--"and this
"and and am sure that all due respect would be shown you."
"and if this aim coincides with yours, you may enter our Brotherhood
"and in each soldier."
"and suddenly that being is seized with pain, suffers, and ceases to
"and we will tax them."
"and you must go and call on her. You would at least be seeing
"aristocracy of wealth," bent upon the pursuit and attainment of
"assumed upon himself authority and power not conferred by the
"assumed" by the United States government and placed on the same secure
"but believe me, I so adore your daughter and all your family that I
"came back from the Tambov estate and told me they are already
"committees of safety and inspection," to be elected by the qualified
"cut off" the French and so on and so on.
"damages." In short, although employers insured their buildings and
"diplomatic salon," and often in his constant comings and goings
"drones" as he called them--and everyone said he spoiled them by his
"drop-wrist"; the wrist is flexed and pronated, and the patient is
"firm and deliberate conviction that the Harper's Ferry crime was the
"for the purposes of mutual protection and to secure peace and
"free labor, free speech, free men, free Kansas, and Fremont."
"friendly banners gone astray and found on a wrong path," and his brow
"hell must be repulsed by hell," and that he had seen a child
"high-toned notions of government." Franklin and Wilson, both from
"hurrah!" and then they put him in his sleigh and escorted him as
"hurrah!" as if he were prepared that instant to kill himself and
"illegal, unconstitutional, and unjust." It was in support of these
"it would be good if everything were as clear and simple as it seems
"learned and godly ministers" for the Puritan churches of New England.
"love a man once for all and remain true to him forever? That is
"massacre," a mass meeting was held in the town and Samuel Adams was
"necessary and proper" for carrying into effect any and all of the
"our days" and that human characteristics change with the times--"in
"piled upon one another in great cities" and the republic of small
"piti-piti-piti," and then "titi," and then again "piti-piti-piti,"
"quasi-public" concerns, like the roads and ferries, and thus subject to
"reads like the social register of the oldest and noblest families of
"reconstruction." Undoubtedly many men of honor and fine intentions gave
"reduce the power and greatness of England"--the empire that in 1763 had
"represented in a marked manner the talent, intelligence, and
"restrictive upon the trade and dispersion of English manufactures
"rings and bosses." The United States Senate was called "a millionaires'
"spoke great things and blasphemies," the same number 666 was
"strict accountability" and all necessary steps would be taken to
"submarine chasers" and "scout cruisers" to be sent to the danger zone.
"teeth in it." Special precautions as to bonds, security, and
"tennis-player's elbow," and the "sculler's sprain," affecting the
"that I am as devoted to him as before: I know him thoroughly and very
"that letter was written, though it was not sent, and the Emperor knew
"the Court that made it has often overruled its own decisions and we
"the rat") he said, rubbing his forehead and whole face with both
"three!" and a rapturously breathless cry of children's voices
"total and universal want of manners both in males and females," adding
"unreasonable restraint" on trade and competition was not apparent.
"unsound in theory and dangerous in practice." North Carolina replied
"we will talk of it later" (and he looked round at Rostov). "Come to
"which these youths acquired in America and propagated in France with so
"while I am still discontented and want to do something for mankind.
"wrong doers" and "malefactors" haled into federal courts.
#Acquired Syphilis in Infants and Young Children.#--When syphilis is met
#Acute Abscesses of the Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue in Young
#Adenoma.#--An adenoma is a tumour constructed on the type of, and
#Boils and Carbuncles.#--These result from infection with the
#Calcification and Ossification in Muscles, Tendons, and
#Carbuncle# may be looked upon as an aggregation of boils, and is
#Chronic Inflammation.#--A variety of types of chronic and subacute
#Chronic Tetanus.#--The difference between this and acute tetanus is
#Clinical Features.#--The symptoms resulting from division and non-union
#Conditions of Bacterial Life.#--Bacteria require for their growth and
#Contused and Lacerated Wounds.#--These may be considered together, as
#Dislocation of the ulnar nerve# at the elbow results from sudden and
#Endotheliomas# take origin from the endothelium of lymph vessels and
#Errors of Development.#--These include congenital dislocations and
#Gangrene from Heat, Chemical Agents, and Cold.#--Severe #burns# and
#Granulation Tissue.#--The essential and invariable medium of repair in
#Head and Neck.#--_The anterior auricular (parotid and pre-auricular)
#Human and Bovine Tuberculosis.#--The frequency of the bovine bacillus
#Infective bursitis# frequently follows abrasions, scratches, and wounds
#Inguinal Aneurysm# (_Aneurysm of the Iliac and Femoral
#Injuries produced by Exposure to X-Rays and Radium.#--In the routine
#Intracranial aneurysm# involves the internal carotid and its branches,
#Later Lesions.#--In the skin and subcutaneous tissue, the later
#Leucocythaemia.#--This is a disease of the blood and of the
#Moles.#--The term mole is applied to a pigmented, and usually hairy,
#Nature's Effort at Repair.#--_In cases which are left to nature_, and
#New Growths in the Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue.#--The _Angioma_ has
#Osteoma.#--The true osteoma is composed of bony tissue, and originates
#Pistol-shot Wounds.#--Wounds inflicted by pistols, revolvers, and small
#Popliteal Aneurysm.#--This is the most common surgical aneurysm, and is
#Sarcoma# and #endothelioma# are the commonest tumours of bone, and
#Shell Wounds and Wounds produced by Explosions.#--It is convenient to
#Sprain and Partial Rupture of Muscle.#--This lesion consists in
#Sterilisation by Heat.#--The most reliable, and at the same time the
#Surgical Anatomy and Physiology.#--Lymph is essentially blood plasma,
#Tertiary Syphilis.#--While the manifestations of primary and secondary
#The Cranial nerves# are considered with affections of the head and neck
#The Healing Sore.#--If a portion of skin be excised aseptically, and no
#Treatment.#--The tuberculous abscess may recede and disappear under
#Upper Extremity.#--_The epi-trochlear and cubital glands_ vary in
#Wounds of Muscles and Tendons.#--When a muscle is cut across in a
#Wounds# of veins--punctured and incised--frequently occur in the course
$11,250,000 in six per cent bonds and to discharge certain debts due
'Albanians!' and 'devils!' and 'To Siberia!'" said Berg with a
'I am wounded and cannot ride and consequently cannot command the
'Where is the old man who has been suffering innocently and in vain? A
'corner' and the stakes at cards meant, but carrying forward to
'women and wine' I don't understand!"
(1) The preservation and study of the mystery. (2) The purification
(1662) and a place among the colonies. Half a century elapsed before the
(2) The second group includes the _fibro-_, _osteo-_, and
(60 parts) and oil of sesame and spermaceti (each 40 parts), which is
(72 o-104 o F.), and to appreciate as separate impressions the contact of
(After Head and Sherren.)]
(At the mention of the chiffonier and dressing table Berg
(Boris understood that Arakcheev envied Balashev and was displeased
(Borodino) and cross by its three bridges, advancing to the same
(C. W. Cathcart). They give rise to considerable irritation and
(Denisov's servant who had remained with him) and his comrades who
(Fig. 17), especially around the knee-joint in women, and over the ribs
(Figs. 7 and 8). The edge of the bell is smeared with vaseline, and the
(From a photograph lent by Dr. Stopford Taylor and Dr. R. W. Mackenna.)]
(He put one arm around Pierre and the other around his daughter.)--"My
(Head and Sherren.)]
(Kocher). (2) The gut is placed in a brass receiver and boiled for
(Mademoiselle Bourienne had purloined it from Princess Mary and
(Mademoiselle Bourienne) "thinks I could be jealous of her, and not
(Nicholas), her resolve weakened. She wept quietly, and felt that
(Schlosser); the needle is 8 cm. long, and 0.7 mm. in diameter. The
(_lymphangiectasis_); and in lymphangiomas, of which the best-known
(_neurolysis_), and then stretched so as to tear any adhesions that may
(_ordinary leucocytosis_). In some cases, and particularly in parasitic
(a) preventive measures, and (b) the arrest of the bleeding.
(absolute continuity) and thereby corrects the inevitable error
(analgesia), and to all degrees of temperature--_loss of protopathic
(and he himself an insignificant atom in it) would go through fire and
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
(anterior annular) ligament, it is not uncommon for the intercarpal and
(everybody else got up too) and with a severe expression sailed back
(heaven knows when and where she had learned it) she talked with her
(looking from the Russian side) and transferred it to the plain
(nearly always powdered), her moist eyes, and her expression of
(now that the hunt was over and they were in the house, Nicholas no
(of whom the lad was also particularly fond), and especially
(pig's lemonade), and Morel spoke well of the limonade de cochon he
(she was to have two estates in Penza and the Nizhegorod forests).
(the family solicitor) "and he says the same."
(the reflection was still incomplete), he caught himself smiling and
(three-fourths in new six per cent federal bonds and one-fourth in
(venesection) and allowing from eight to ten ounces of blood to flow
(which was theirs) and by the sound of their hurried footsteps going
(who too reason) also considered the position impossible and therefore
*"My child! I love you and have known you a long time."
*"Think it over; get into the barque, and take care not to make it a
**eBooks Readable By Both Humans and By Computers, Since 1971**
**eBooks Readable By Both Humans and By Computers, Since 1971**
*Death gives relief and death is peaceful.
*History of the year 1812. The character of Kutuzov and
*Knight without fear and without reproach.
*Though a foreigner, Russian in heart and soul.
*[2] That their fire gets into his eyes and he forgets that he ought
... aided by stock jobbing and party dissensions has fed the hopes of
... and the wish, which constitutes the Emperor's sole and
1. All debts contracted and engagements entered into, before the
1. Contrast the state of industry and commerce at the close of the Civil
1. Those which subserve _deep sensibility_ and conduct the impulses
1. Trace the decline of slavery in the North and explain it.
1. Why is leisure necessary for the production of art and literature?
1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
10 minims of compound tincture of lavender, to an ounce of water), and
10. Compare the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments with regard to the
10. Describe the economic forces which were drawing the East and the
10. Explain the nature of the contests between the governors and the
10. In what way did the provisions for ratifying and amending the
10. Show how the war in Europe affected American commerce and involved
10. To define and punish piracies and felonies committed on the high
10. What were the startling events between 1850 and 1860?
100,000 rubles, was spent, and almost every year he was obliged to
1000). This is done some hours before the operation, and the part is
103 o F., the pulse become small and rapid, and haemic murmurs are
105 o F. In the course of an hour it begins to fall again, and the
11. State Jackson's views and tell the outcome of the controversy.
11. To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal, and make rules
12 State the national policies generally favored in the North and
12. To raise and support armies, but no appropriation of money to that
12. What was the outcome of the Alien and Sedition Acts?
12. Why are labor and immigration closely related?
13. To provide and maintain a navy;
14. Sketch the rise and growth of the reform movement.
14. To make rules for the government and regulation of the land and
144). The surface is smooth or lobulated, and in consistence the tumour
15. Summarize Marshall's views on: (_a_) states' rights; and (_b_) a
16. Give the main features in the economic and social status of the
16. Review Wilson's early career and explain the underlying theory of
16. To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia,
1606-1898, pp. 1-14. Analyze the first and second Massachusetts charters
1636, and Yale, opened in 1718, were intended primarily to train
1642, were too far away, too small in population, and too slight in
1731; and near by at Lenox some thirty years after that. New Jersey had
1755 and Wolfe's exploit in capturing Quebec four years later were the
1775 and prepared to send agents abroad.
1778, and the second until the end of the struggle. During the first
1787, exclaimed that the contest was not between the large and the small
1787, three states had ratified the Constitution: Delaware and New
1791; 669,921 tons in 1800; and almost 1,000,000 tons in 1810. Such was
1794 it finally came. Jefferson resigned as Secretary of State and
18. To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
1807, and 1809, gaining strength and growing. In 1811 the group of
1809 by a German student in Vienna, and knew that the student had been
1812 as in 1808 of the "great nation" and the "great man," and
1812. Denisov started these and Pierre was particularly agreeable
1821 and the price of the land lowered to a cash price of $1.75 an acre,
1833 contractors had carried their work to Columbus, Ohio, and by 1852,
1834. In the South, the Chesapeake and Ohio Company, chartered in 1825,
1847, Young, with a company of picked men, searched far and wide until
1848--to an amused and contemptuous world, it must be admitted--but to a
1854, "appears to be a great central depot for ready-made clothing and
1856. Although religious discriminations and property qualifications for
1859. Other states soon fell into line. Women's earnings and
1860; $42,000,000 in 1861; and $4,000,000 in 1862.
1876 the protest of American labor was loud and long and both the
18th Brumaire; was not that an imposture? It was a swindle, and not at
1904 and it was said that the "financial and corporation interests" were
1913 joined the waters of the Atlantic and the Pacific. Nearly eight
1917, and the amending law, known as the Sedition act, passed in May of
1917. It provided for a governor and six executive secretaries appointed
2. Are any things owned and used in common in your community? Why did
2. Compare the Northern and Southern views of the union.
2. Contrast the climate and soil of the Middle West and the Far West.
2. Contrast the work of the first and second Continental Congresses.
2. Every bill, which shall have passed the House of Representatives; and
2. Explain why the party and parliamentary systems of England favored
2. He shall have power, by and with the advice and consent of the
2. In all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and
2. Name the chief foreign and domestic questions of the Roosevelt-Taft
2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such
2. The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful
2. This Constitution and the laws of the United States which shall be
2. Why is a fall in prices a loss to farmers and a gain to holders of
2500 and over; in 1920 more than half of the population lived in towns
3. Contrast the political roles of Puritanism and the Established
3. Each House shall keep a journal of its proceedings, and from time to
3. Enumerate Hamilton's great measures and explain each in detail.
3. Representatives and direct taxes[3] shall be apportioned among the
3. The Congress may determine the time of choosing the electors, and the
3. The senators and representatives before mentioned, and the members of
3. To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several
3. Why was it impossible to establish and maintain a uniform policy in
343,000 to Indiana; 157,000 to Illinois; 687,000 to Kentucky; and
4. Sketch the rise and growth of the American Federation of Labor.
4. To establish an uniform rule of naturalization, and uniform laws on
4. Why was it difficult, if not impossible, to keep gold and silver at a
4. Why were capital and leadership so very important in early
5. Contrast the Presidents of the old and the new generations.
5. Contrast the general political views of Hamilton and Jefferson.
5. Enumerate the five chief results of the wars with the French and the
5. How do you account for the rise and growth of the trusts? Explain
5. Show the connection between religion and learning in colonial times.
5. Show why transportation is so vital to modern industry and
5. The House of Representatives shall choose their speaker and other
5. The Senate shall choose their other officers, and also a President
5. To coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and
5. What special conditions favored a fall in silver between 1870 and
6. Describe the purposes and outcome of the National Labor Union and the
6. To provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the securities and
600,000 to 1,600,000; and the Dakotas from 5000 to 140,000.
666, L'Empereur Napoleon, and L'russe Besuhof--all this had to
7. Contrast indentured servitude with slavery and serfdom.
7. Describe the Australian ballot and the abuses against which it is
7. Describe the contest between "Patriots" and "Tories."
7. Explain the interaction of opinion between France and the United
7. Explain the relation between the tariff and the income tax in 1894.
7. In what respects were the planting and commercial states opposed?
7. To establish post offices and post roads;
7. Trace a connection between the economic system of the West and the
8. Account for the anxiety of companies and proprietors to secure
8. Compare the policies of Jefferson and Madison.
8. Explain how the English Crown, Courts, and Parliament controlled the
8. How did reform movements draw women into public affairs and what were
8. No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States; and no
8. Show how the "check and balance" system is embodied in our form of
8. Sketch the history of the protective tariff and explain the theory
8. To promote the progress of science and useful arts by securing for
8. What political and economic reforms did labor demand?
9. Contrast the American forces with the British forces and show how the
9. Describe the difficulties of trade between the East and the West.
9. Explain how the fisheries affected many branches of trade and
9. Show how the rise of the factory affected the life and labor of
9. State the leading principles of international law involved and show
9. State the terms of the Compromise of 1850 and explain its failure.
9. Why did the East and the South seek closer ties with the West?
999 years. The rates charged and services rendered were left largely to
=A Contrast in the Far West and Southwest.=--As George Rogers Clark and
=Adverse Criticism.=--By no means all observers and writers were
=Agriculture and Business.=--Schafer, _Pacific Northwest_, pp. 246-289.
=Alien and Sedition Laws.=--Flushed with success, the Federalists
=American War Aims.=--In many addresses at the beginning and during the
=Anti-trust Legislation.=--The tariff and currency laws were followed by
=Assumption and Funding of State Debts.=--Hamilton then turned to the
=Banking and Finance.=--Out of commerce and manufactures and the
=Biographical Studies.=--Fremont, Generals Scott and Taylor, Sam
=Biographical Studies.=--Lincoln, Davis, Lee, Grant, Sherman, and other
=Biographical Studies.=--Look up the history and services of the leaders
=Biographical Studies.=--William Pitt and Sir Robert Walpole. Consult
=Bloodshed at Lexington and Concord (April 19, 1775).=--Meanwhile the
=Business Men and Republican Policies.=--Most of the leaders in industry
=Business and Politics.=--Paxson, _The New Nation_ (Riverside Series),
=Canals and Steamboats.=--A second epoch in the economic union of the
=Capital and Credit Destroyed.=--The fluid capital of the South, money
=Censorship and Restraints on the Press.=--The idea of printing,
=Cities and Immigration.=--Expressed in terms of human life, this era of
=Civil Service Reform.=--Beard, _American Government and Politics_ (3d
=Clay and Calhoun.=--While events were moving swiftly and rumors were
=Clay and the National Republicans.=--In this opposition movement,
=Colonial Life in General.=--John Fiske, _Old Virginia and Her
=Congregations and Compacts for Self-government.=--A study of the
=Congress and the War of 1812.=--Adams, Vol. VI, pp. 113-198; Elson, pp.
=Conservation and the Land Problem.=--The disappearance of the frontier
=Conservative Men Alarmed.=--Men of conservative thought and leaning in
=Contests between Legislatures and Governors.=--As may be imagined, many
=Creditors and Falling Prices.=--To the bondholders or creditors, on the
=Debtors and the Fall in Prices.=--For many reasons the currency
=Demonetization and Coinage of Silver.=--Dewey, _Financial History_,
=Destruction of States' Rights by Fourteenth Amendment.=--These acts and
=Diplomacy and the French Alliance.=--Hart, _American History Told by
=Economic Ruin--Urban and Rural.=--No matter where Southern men turned
=English Opinion and the Revolution.=--Trevelyan, _The American
=English and French Opinion of the War.=--Rhodes, _History of the United
=European Interest in America.=--To the older and more settled
=Expansion and Land Hunger.=--The first of the great measures which
=Federal Legislative Measures.=--Prepare a table and brief digest of the
=Federal and State Relations.=--If the interference of the government
=Feudal Elements in the Colonies--Quit Rents, Manors, and
=Financial Burdens and Commercial Disorder.=--While the provincials were
=Financial and Commercial Disorders.=--In the field of public finance,
=Free Silver and the Campaign of 1896.=--Dewey, _National Problems_
=French Intrigues in Mexico Blocked.=--Between the war for the union and
=Funding and Assumption Carried.=--There was little difficulty in
=Great Riches and Taxation.=--Even the challenge of the radicals, such
=Greenbacks and Resumption.=--Dewey, _Financial History of the United
=Grenville and the War Debt.=--Within a year after the accession of
=Growth and Extension of Industry.=--In the field of manufacturing,
=Growth of Towns.=--In connection with this thriving trade and industry
=Hamilton and Washington Urge Reform.=--The attempts at reform by the
=Harrison and Tyler.=--The Hero of Tippecanoe was not long to enjoy the
=Hawaii and Venezuela.=--Dewey, _National Problems_ (American Nation
=Historical Background.=--This was the culmination of a long and
=Human and Material Resources.=--When we measure strength for strength
=Indiana and Illinois.=--As in the neighboring state, the frontier in
=Inflation and Depreciation.=--As paper money flowed from the press, it
=Internal Improvements.=--If farmers and manufacturers were early
=Intimidation.=--In both politics and economics, the process of
=Invention, Discovery, and Transportation.=--Sparks, _National
=Iowa and Minnesota.=--To the southwest of Wisconsin beyond the
=Jefferson Sees the Danger.=--Jefferson, the friend of France and sworn
=Jefferson and His Constitutional Scruples.=--When the news of this
=Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions.=--Macdonald, pp. 267-278.
=Labor Managers and Welfare Work.=--Another effort of employers to meet
=Labor and Politics.=--As for the political program of labor, the main
=Labor and Politics.=--Beard, _Short History_, pp. 33-46, 54-61,
=Labor and the Great War.=--Carlton, pp. 282-306; Beard, _Short
=Labor and the War.=--In view of the restlessness of European labor
=Lewis and Clark Expedition.=--R.G. Thwaites, _Rocky Mountain
=Liberty Loans and Taxes.=--In order that the military and naval forces
=Lincoln's Proposal.=--Some such simple and conservative form of
=Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama.=--Across the Mississippi to the
=Manufactures and the Tariff of 1816.=--Coman, _Industrial History of
=Military Strategy--North and South.=--The broad outlines of military
=Minimum Wages and Mothers' Pensions.=--Another source of poverty,
=Monroe and the Florida Purchase.=--To the victor in that political
=Nebraska and Colorado.=--Two states, Nebraska and Colorado, had little
=Oceanic Commerce and American Merchants.=--All through the eighteenth
=Organized Labor and the Public.=--Besides its relations to employers,
=Organized Labor and the Socialists.=--Beard, _Short History_, pp.
=Other Nationalities.=--Though the English, the Scotch-Irish, and the
=Paper Money and Loans.=--Acting on this curious but appealing political
=Political Parties and George III.=--The state of the political parties
=Political Parties and Political Issues=
=Profit-sharing.=--Another proposal for drawing capital and labor
=Provisions for Ratification and Amendment.=--When the frame of
=Railway Fortunes and Capital.=--Out of this gigantic railway promotion,
=Railways and Canals.=--Callender, pp. 326-344; 359-387. Coman,
=Ranching in the Northwest.=--Theodore Roosevelt, _Ranch Life_, and
=Reclamation and Conservation.=--The open country--the deserts, the
=Religion and Higher Learning.=--Religious motives entered into the
=Religion and Local Schools.=--One of the first cares of each Protestant
=Religious and Intellectual Life.=--Lodge, _Short History of the English
=Republicans and Democrats Divided.=--On this question both Republicans
=Restraints on the States.=--Framing a government and endowing it with
=River and Lake Commerce.=--Callender, _Economic History of the United
=Roosevelt and "Big Business."=--Haworth, _The United States in Our Own
=Secession and the Theories of the Union.=--In severing their relations
=Slavery and the Territories--the Missouri Compromise (1820).=--Though
=Social and Economic Legislation.=--Beard, _American Government_, pp.
=Source Study.=--Compare the Constitution and Articles of Confederation
=Southern Planters and Texas.=--While the farmers of the North found the
=Spain and Holland Involved.=--Within a few months, Spain, remembering
=State and National Action.=--Again the suffrage movement was in full
=Taxation and Great Fortunes.=--As a part of the campaign waged against
=Tennessee.=--Roosevelt, Vol. V, pp. 95-119 and Vol. VI, pp. 9-87.
=The Admission of Kentucky and Tennessee.=--When the eighteenth century
=The Alien and Sedition Acts.=--Macdonald, _Documentary Source Book_,
=The American Federation of Labor--Organization and Policies.=--Beard,
=The Balance between the Planting and the Commercial States.=--After the
=The Chartered Company.=--Compare the first and third charters of
=The Corporation and Labor.=--In the development of the corporation
=The Cowboy and Cattle Ranger.=--Between the frontier of farms and the
=The De Lome and the _Maine_ Incidents.=--Such a policy was defeated by
=The Diversity of Western Agriculture.=--In soil, produce, and
=The East Alarmed.=--A people so independent as the Westerners and so
=The Election of 1904.=--The views and measures which he advocated with
=The Embargo and Non-Intercourse Acts.=--Macdonald, pp. 282-288; Adams,
=The Embargo and Non-intercourse Acts.=--In 1806, Congress passed and
=The English and French Blockades.=--In addition to bringing Louisiana
=The English.=--In leadership and origin the thirteen colonies, except
=The Espionage and Sedition Acts.=--By the Espionage law of June 15,
=The Extension of Canals and Railways.=--As necessary to mechanical
=The Federal Suffrage Amendment.=--Their plans and activities, when the
=The Federation and Political Issues.=--The hostility of the Federation
=The Final Phase--the French and Indian War.=--Thus it happened that the
=The Force Bills Attacked and Nullified.=--The granting of amnesty
=The French Revolution.=--Robinson and Beard, _Development of Modern
=The French and Indian Wars.=--Special reference: W.M. Sloane, _French
=The Grangers and Populism.=--Paxson, _The New Nation_ (Riverside
=The Grangers and State Regulation.=--The same uncertainty about the
=The Industrial and Commercial Revolution.=--On top of the radical
=The Initiative and Referendum.=--As a corrective for the evils which
=The Inventors.=--Watt and Boulton experimenting with steam in England,
=The Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions.=--Jefferson was quick to take
=The Leadership and Doctrines of Jefferson.=--The party dispute had not
=The Mugwumps and Cleveland Democracy in 1884.=--Though aided by
=The New Economic Age.=--The spirit of criticism and the measures of
=The Nominating Convention.=--As the suffrage was widened and the
=The Patriots and Tories.=--Thus, by one process or another, those who
=The Personality and Early Career of Roosevelt.=--On September 14, 1901,
=The Philippines and Porto Rico.=--Independence for the Philippines and
=The Proclamation of Neutrality and the Jay Treaty.=--Unmoved by the
=The Proprietor.=--A third and very important colonial agency was the
=The Recall.=--Executive officers and judges, as well as legislatures,
=The Repeal of the Stamp Act and the Sugar Act.=--The effect of American
=The Republican Answer.=--To McKinley and his supporters, engaged in a
=The Rise and Regulation of Trusts.=--Dewey, _National Problems_, pp.
=The Scotch-Irish.=--Next to the English in numbers and influence were
=The Second Continental Congress.=--Though blood had been shed and war
=The Sherman Silver Purchase Act and the Bond Sales.=--Republican
=The Socialists.=--The trade unionism "pure and simple," espoused by the
=The South Dependent on the North.=--While East and West were drawing
=The Specie Problem--the Parity of Gold and Silver.=--Defeated in their
=The Spoils System and Rotation in Office.=--First of all they wanted
=The Spoils System.=--The staid and respectable society of Washington
=The Supremacy of the Union.=--First and foremost, the war settled for
=The Tariff Revision and Party Dissensions.=--At the very beginning of
=The Tariff and Nullification.=--Jackson had not been installed in power
=The Trusts and Railways.=--To the trust question, Roosevelt devoted
=The United States Bank.=--Encouraged by the success of his funding and
=The United States and International Entanglements.=--Whether America
=The West and Manufactures.=--In addition to the commercial bonds
=The West and the American Revolution.=--The excessive attention devoted
=The West during the Revolution.=--Roosevelt, Vols. II and III.
=The Westward Movement.=--Yeoman and planter nevertheless were alike in
=The Whigs and General Harrison.=--By this time, the National
=The Woman's Rights Convention of 1848.=--The forces, moral and
=The _Gaspee_ Affair and the Virginia Resolutions of 1773.=--On sea as
=Treaties of Alliance and Commerce (1778).=--News of this victory,
=Trust and Labor Legislation.=--Ogg, pp. 232-236.
=Utah.=--On the long road to California, in the midst of forbidding and
=Van Buren and the Panic of 1837.=--Nothing could shake the General's
=War and Victory.=--Startling events then followed in swift succession.
=Western Railways Precede Settlement.=--In the Old World and on our
=Women and the Factory System.=--Abbott, pp. 35-62.
=Women and the War.=--At no time were the women of America indifferent
=Woodrow Wilson and the Election of 1912.=--With the Republicans
A Cossack dismounted, lifted the boy down, and took him to
A beatific smile of regret, repentance, and ecstasy beamed on M.
A blank cartridge fired at close range may cause a severe wound, and, if
A broad staircase led straight up from the entry, and to the right
A bursa is a closed sac lined by endothelium and containing synovia.
A carbuncle is to be differentiated from an ulcerated gumma and from
A circle soon formed round Speranski, and the old man who had talked
A contused muscle should be placed at rest and supported by cotton wool
A door of one of the inner rooms opened and one of the princesses,
A fatty tumour is to be diagnosed from a cold abscess and from a cyst.
A few minutes later Prince Andrew rang and Natasha went to him,
A few minutes later the Governor received Alpatych and hurriedly
A few moments later he was in our room, still puffing, still gesticulating, but with so fixed a look of grief and despair in his eyes that our smiles were turned in an instant to horror and pity. For a while he could not get his words out, but swayed his body and plucked at his hair like one who has been driven to the extreme limits of his reason. Then, suddenly springing to his feet, he beat his head against the wall with such force that we both rushed upon him and tore him away to the centre of the room. Sherlock Holmes pushed him down into the easy-chair and, sitting beside him, patted his hand and chatted with him in the easy, soothing tones which he knew so well how to employ.
A free incision is necessary to discover and isolate the ends of the
A fresh wave of the flying mob caught him and bore him back with it.
A heavily timbered park stretched up in a gentle slope, thickening into a grove at the highest point. From amid the branches there jutted out the grey gables and high roof-tree of a very old mansion.
A large and comfortable double-bedded room had been placed at our disposal, and I was quickly between the sheets, for I was weary after my night of adventure. Sherlock Holmes was a man, however, who, when he had an unsolved problem upon his mind, would go for days, and even for a week, without rest, turning it over, rearranging his facts, looking at it from every point of view until he had either fathomed it or convinced himself that his data were insufficient. It was soon evident to me that he was now preparing for an all-night sitting. He took off his coat and waistcoat, put on a large blue dressing-gown, and then wandered about the room collecting pillows from his bed and cushions from the sofa and armchairs. With these he constructed a sort of Eastern divan, upon which he perched himself cross-legged, with an ounce of shag tobacco and a box of matches laid out in front of him. In the dim light of the lamp I saw him sitting there, an old briar pipe between his lips, his eyes fixed vacantly upon the corner

A little ahead of them walked a peasant guide, wet to the skin and
A man entered who could hardly have been less than six feet six inches in height, with the chest and limbs of a Hercules. His dress was rich with a richness which would, in England, be looked upon as akin to bad taste. Heavy bands of astrakhan were slashed across the sleeves and fronts of his double-breasted coat, while the deep blue cloak which was thrown over his shoulders was lined with flame-coloured silk and secured at the neck with a brooch which consisted of a single flaming beryl. Boots which extended halfway up his calves, and which were trimmed at the tops with rich brown fur, completed the impression of barbaric opulence which was suggested by his whole appearance. He carried a broad-brimmed hat in his hand, while he wore across the upper part of his face, extending down past the cheekbones, a black vizard mask, which he had apparently adjusted that very moment, for his hand was still raised to it as he entered. From the lower part of the face he appeared to be a man of strong character, with a th

A man got up and came to see what this queer big fellow was laughing
A minute later Sonya came in with a frightened, guilty, and scared
A minute later the marshal's adjutant, de Castres, came in and
A murmur of approbation and satisfaction ran through the crowd.
A pleasant feeling of excitement and an expectation of something
A professional case of great gravity was engaging my own attention at the time, and the whole of next day I was busy at the bedside of the sufferer. It was not until close upon six o'clock that I found myself free and was able to spring into a hansom and drive to Baker Street, half afraid that I might be too late to assist at the denouement of the little mystery. I found Sherlock Holmes alone, however, half asleep, with his long, thin form curled up in the recesses of his armchair. A formidable array of bottles and test-tubes, with the pungent cleanly smell of hydrochloric acid, told me that he had spent his day in the chemical work which was so dear to him.
A remarkable form of _unilateral hypertrophy and diffuse osteoma of the
A series of experiments and arguments proves to every man that he,
A shell tore up the earth two paces from Pierre and he looked around
A short stout man of about thirty, in white breeches and high
A similar affection is met with in the _shoulder and arm_--_brachial
A similar moan of surprise and horror ran through the crowd. "O Lord!"
A sinking man who clutches at another and drowns him; or a hungry
A slow and heavy step, which had been heard upon the stairs and in the passage, paused immediately outside the door. Then there was a loud and authoritative tap.
A small side door led into the whitewashed corridor from which the three bedrooms opened. Holmes refused to examine the third chamber, so we passed at once to the second, that in which Miss Stoner was now sleeping, and in which her sister had met with her fate. It was a homely little room, with a low ceiling and a gaping fireplace, after the fashion of old country-houses. A brown chest of drawers stood in one corner, a narrow white-counterpaned bed in another, and a dressing-table on the left-hand side of the window. These articles, with two small wicker-work chairs, made up all the furniture in the room save for a square of Wilton carpet in the centre. The boards round and the panelling of the walls were of brown, worm-eaten oak, so old and discoloured that it may have dated from the original building of the house. Holmes drew one of the chairs into a corner and sat silent, while his eyes travelled round and round and up and down, taking in every detail of the apartment.
A smile of joy and satisfaction lit up her eager face.
A smile of pleasure never left Natasha's face. She felt happy and as
A soldier on the march is hemmed in and borne along by his
A stick was thrust between her jaws and she was fastened with a leash,
A strange feeling of exasperation and yet of respect for this
A suitably arranged splint adds to the comfort of the patient; and the
A tall, beautiful woman with a mass of plaited hair and much exposed
A tall, stout, and proud-looking woman, with a round-faced smiling
A thaw had set in, it was muddy and cold, the ice on the river
A tradesman's wife was showing a rent in her shawl and telling how
A traumatic aneurysm is almost always sacculated, and, so long as it
A tuberculous abscess results from the disintegration and liquefaction
A volley was heard, and some bullets whistled past, while others
A week before the French had had boot leather and linen issued to
A young officer with a bewildered and pained expression on his
A young round-faced officer, quite a boy still and evidently only
A.B. Hart, _Slavery and Abolition_ (American Nation Series).
A.B. Hart, _The Southern South_ and R.S. Baker, _Following the Color
A.B. Hepburn, _History of Coinage and Currency in the United States_.
A.B. Hulbert, _Great American Canals_ and _The Cumberland Road_.
A.C. McLaughlin, _The Confederation and the Constitution_ (American
A.L. Cross, _The Anglican Episcopate and the American Colonies_ (Harvard
About nine o'clock the light among the trees was extinguished, and all was dark in the direction of the Manor House. Two hours passed slowly away, and then, suddenly, just at the stroke of eleven, a single bright light shone out right in front of us.
About twenty people were present, including Dolokhov and Denisov.
Above the Kolocha, in Borodino and on both sides of it, especially
Abramovna invited me to her house and kept telling me what had
Abscess of Liver, showing filaments and clubs of streptothrix
According to Head and his co-workers, Sherren and Rivers, the afferent
Adams of Massachusetts and Mrs. Henry Corbin of Virginia, against a
Adenomas may be single or multiple, and they vary greatly in size. The
Adieu! Give my respects to monsieur your father and my compliments
Adieu, dear and kind friend; may our divine Saviour and His most
Admirals, George Dewey, W.T. Sampson, and W.S. Schley; and Generals,
Africa, others run the longitude and pursue their gigantic game along
African Company sent to America annually between 1713 and 1743 from five
After 1865, achievement and fortune no longer lay on the land alone. As
After Kaysarov, others whom Pierre knew came up to him, and he had
After Petya had joined Obolenski's regiment of Cossacks and left for
After Prince Andrew's death Natasha and Princess Mary alike felt
After Prince Andrew, Boris came up to ask Natasha for dance, and
After Russian country dances and chorus dances, Pelageya Danilovna
After a few words about Princess Mary and her late father, whom
After a time the government was prodded into action and the great dams
After a while "Uncle" came in, in a Cossack coat, blue trousers, and
After all that Napoleon had said to him--those bursts of anger and
After all, the vague criticisms and proposals that found their way into
After arranging his clothes, he took the pistol and was about to
After dining and taking rather too much of the Hungarian wine,
After dinner Natasha went to her room and again took up Princess
After dinner Speranski's daughter and her governess rose. He
After four days of solitude, ennui, and consciousness of his
After giving several recitations, Mademoiselle George left, and
After giving these and other commands he returned to his tent, and
After hearing the details of Anatole's marriage from Pierre, and
After hearing the matter, Kutuzov smacked his lips together and
After her life in the country, and in her present serious mood,
After her visit to the Rostovs and her unexpectedly chilly reception
After his journey and the campaign during which he had been deprived
After listening a few moments in silence, the count and his
After living at the seat of the highest authority and power, after
After long and patient negotiations, President Wilson in 1917 called
After long hesitations, doubts, and prayers, Princess Mary gave
After much trading and discussing, the convention came to the conclusion
After nine o'clock two traps and three mounted men, who had been
After passing a chasseur regiment and in the lines of the Kiev
After playing out a whole suit and to his partner's delight taking
After reaching home Nicholas was at first serious and even dull.
After seven years of marriage Pierre had the joyous and firm
After she felt herself deserted by Princes Mary and alone in her
After sunset the wind had dropped. The night was calm and fresh.
After supper Nicholas, having undressed in his study and given
After tea, Nicholas, Sonya, and Natasha went to the sitting room, to
After tea, the company went into the sitting room and Princess
After that Anna Pavlovna led up to the courage and firmness of the
After that he avoided Dessalles and the countess who caressed him
After that the generals began to disperse with the solemnity and
After the condescending surprise, nonrecognition, and praise, from
After the deaths of her son and husband in such rapid succession,
After the fatigues and impressions of the journey, his reception,
After the first monologue the whole company rose and surrounded
After the hussars had come to the village and Rostov had gone to see
After the junction with the army of the brilliant admiral and
After the last two days spent in solitude and unusual circumstances,
After the rapture of meeting, and after that odd feeling of
After the rise of democracy, industry, and organized labor, the
After this Prince Andrew was conducted to the door and the officer
After washing and dressing, Prince Andrew came into the diplomat's
Afterwards when he had received a name and wealth he dared not think
Again Pierre did not wish to look and again turned away; but again
Again Pierre's negative answer seemed to distress him, and he
Again Rostov looked intently into Boris' eyes and sighed. Berg
Again and again Washington begged Congress to provide for an army of
Again and again it was impossible to secure a quorum for the transaction
Again everything was shrouded in hard, dry perplexity, and again
Again he embraced and kissed Prince Andrew, but before the latter
Again he glanced at her, and that glance convinced her that she
Again he looked to the right and saw something running toward him
Again real events mingled with dreams and again someone, he or
Again the officer turned to Gerasim and asked him to show him the
Again! It has hit...." He stopped and looked at the ranks. "No, it has
Agitated and flushed she paced the room, sending now for Michael
Alabama, Arkansas, and Texas. Five important coal basins were uncovered:
Alabama, and on February 8, 1861, adopted a temporary plan of union. It
Alexeevich was connected with a world of eternal, solemn, and calm
Alexeevich's letters and recalled my conversations with him, and
Alexis Thomson and Alexander Miles
All Rostov's cards were beaten and he had eight hundred rubles
All around were loving eyes glistening with tears of joy, and all
All at once the stranger closed the book, putting in a marker, and
All began to run and bustle, and Rostov saw coming up the road
All cases without exception in which our conception of freedom and
All day I was engaged in my professional work, and it was late in the evening before I returned to Baker Street. Sherlock Holmes had not come back yet. It was nearly ten o'clock before he entered, looking pale and worn. He walked up to the sideboard, and tearing a piece from the loaf he devoured it voraciously, washing it down with a long draught of water.
All eyes were fixed on him. He looked at the crowd, and rendered
All eyes were gazing at her with one and the same expression. She
All four, like a flock of scared birds, got up and left the room.
All her invitations without exception, written in French, and
All his painstaking and energetic activity (in how far it was useful
All historians agree that the external activity of states and
All moist or greasy applications, such as Carron oil, carbolic oil and
All stood silent, and a soft, pleasant velvety voice began to
All that July the old prince was exceedingly active and even
All that day and the next his friends and comrades noticed that
All that day the hounds remained at home. It was frosty and the
All that may be so and mankind is ready to agree with it, but it
All that the fondest mother could do for her son you have done and are
All that was done around her and to her at this time, all the
All the domestic circle, tutors, governesses, and guests, were
All the evening Nicholas paid attention to a blue-eyed, plump and
All the faces bore the same expression of excitement and enthusiasm.
All the kings, except the Chinese, wear military uniforms, and he
All the physical appearances and clinical symptoms associated with dry
All the plans Pierre had attempted on his estates--and constantly
All the profound plans about cutting off and capturing Napoleon
All the suite drew back and Rostov saw the general talking for
All the unmarried ladies and even the married ones except the very
All the views he formed of men and circumstances at this time remained
All their rushing and galloping at one another did little harm, the
All these people and horses seemed driven forward by some
All this, like the other parts of the disposition, was not and could
All were silent, and the only sound audible was the heavy
All were silent. Tushin appeared at the threshold and made his way
Allies. The regular army was enlarged and the troops of the national
Alpatych and the coachman. The women, who had been silent till then,
Alpatych clung to Prince Andrew's leg and burst into sobs. Gently
Alpatych donned a jacket he wore only in town and went out on
Alpatych entered the innyard at a quicker pace than usual and went
Alpatych kept meeting and overtaking baggage trains and troops on
Alpatych looked intently at Dron and frowned. Just as Dron was a
Alpatych swayed his head and went upstairs. In the waiting room were
Alpatych turned his face to Prince Andrew, looked at him, and
Alpatych turned to the peasants and ordered two of them by name to
Alpatych went back to the house, called the coachman, and told him
Alpatych, his coachman, Ferapontov's wife and children and the house
Alpatych, lifting his head and proudly thrusting his hand into the
Already from his military experience and what he had seen in the
Already the Germans, Irish, and Scandinavians had found their way into
Although Prince Vasili listened reluctantly and not very politely to
Amalek, of Gideon over Midian, and of David over Goliath, and about
America and to silence Republican opposition. They therefore passed two
America as Jefferson and Hamilton never dreamed of in their little
America but no common treasury, and from first to last the Congress was
America disliked the state and disowned the church of the mother
America than in preventing the rise and growth of democracy in Europe.
America to Europe and manufactures from Europe to America. For this
America was instructed to be diligent in the execution of all trade and
America, they ordered all parents and masters of servants to be diligent
American blood had been "spilled on American soil" and that war existed
American commerce and business, the inability of Spain to bring about
American democracy that led the friends of reform to launch and to
American grain, dairy produce, and meat were poured into European
American independence was of slow and steady growth. It did not spring
American life and had "poured in upon the floor of Congress" such a long
American markets; and, _secondly_, to enlarge in the manufacturing
American people, as well as the constitutions of the states and the
American political and economic development. From 1880 until his death
American representative in Mexico, Jackson had long and anxiously
American ships and property, ruthlessly destroyed American lives. She
American spirit, repeal the obnoxious measures, and receive the colonies
American who ever was?... What fills me with doubt and dismay is the
Americans and the natives in Texas. Fear grew into consternation when
Americans could not be hemmed in, penned up, and destroyed at one fell
Americans favored independence and what share remained loyal to the
Americans, and Congress, having no power to regulate foreign commerce,
Amid the turmoil of his activities and distractions, however, Pierre
Among the Russian prisoners rescued by Denisov and Dolokhov was
Among the _late manifestations_ are neuritis, telangiectasis, and a
Among the opinions and voices in this immense, restless,
Among the railway promoters and builders in the West, James J. Hill,
Among the rarer and more serious lesions of the inherited disease may be
Amputation Stump. Osteomyelitis supervened on the amputation, and
An abnormal communication between an artery and a vein constitutes an
An adjutant came out and announced that everything was in
An adjutant galloped up from the fleches with a pale and
An adjutant told Pierre of his Serene Highness' wish, and Pierre
An adventitious bursa forms over the _acromion_ process in porters and
An aneurysm is a sac communicating with an artery, and containing fluid
An aneurysm is said to be _diffused_ when the sac ruptures and the blood
An army has suffered defeat, and at once a people loses its rights
An attendant deferentially and quickly slipped before the ladies and
An excess profits tax was laid upon all corporations and partnerships,
An excessive and erratic growth of epithelium is the essential and
An hour and a half later most of the players were but little
An old gentleman wearing a star and another official, a German
An undefined instinct told Pierre that these explanations, and
Anatole Kuragin into whose society Pierre's wife had thrown her and
Anatole and Dolokhov liked Balaga too for his masterly driving and
Anatole and Dolokhov went along the pavement. When they reached the
Anatole consented and went to Moscow, where he put up at Pierre's
Anatole glanced at him and immediately thrust his hand into his
Anatole glanced round at his sister and rose submissively, ready
Anatole had appeared it just grouped itself around him and she
Anatole had left Paris and how he had liked that city. Anatole
Anatole kissed the old man, and looked at him with curiosity and
Anatole lay on the sofa in the study leaning on his elbow and
Anatole returned and looked at Dolokhov, trying to give him his
Anatole rose and went into the dining room. Balaga was a famous
Anatole sat at a table frowning and biting his lips.
Anatole sighed and embraced Dolokhov.
Anatole smiled. The expression of that base and cringing smile,
Anatole to a duel, and she therefore asked Pierre to tell his
Anatole turned to the Englishman and taking him by one of the
Anatole was always content with his position, with himself, and with
Anatole was sincerely fond of Dolokhov for his cleverness and
Anatole went out of the room and returned a few minutes later
Anatole where his regiment was stationed, and take him to visit Prince
Anatole, and conscious of his proximity she experienced a frightened
Anatomy and Physiology--INJURIES OF LYMPH VESSELS--_Wounds of
Anatomy and physiology--Regeneration of bone--Transplantation of bone.
Anatomy--Normal and adventitious bursae--Injuries: Bursal
And Anatole and Dolokhov, when they had money, would give him a
And Boris, having apparently relieved himself of an onerous duty and
And Dolokhov swore at him in coarse soldier's Russian and
And Holmes' fears came to be realised, for from that day to this no word has ever been heard either of the beautiful woman, the sinister German, or the morose Englishman. Early that morning a peasant had met a cart containing several people and some very bulky boxes driving rapidly in the direction of Reading, but there all traces of the fugitives disappeared, and even Holmes' ingenuity failed ever to discover the least clue as to their whereabouts.
And Karataev, with a suddenly changed and saddened expression,
And Natasha began rapidly taking out of the case dishes and plates
And Natasha kissed her brother and ran away.
And Natasha rose and went out of the room on tiptoe, like a ballet
And Natasha, embracing her, began kissing her face and hands, making
And Rostov got up and went wandering among the campfires, dreaming
And Terenty would begin talking of the destruction of Moscow, and of
And as if afraid of wasting his store of anger, he left Alpatych and
And as if in order not to offend Sonya and to get rid of her, she
And at once, as a clock begins to strike and chime as soon as the
And by old habit he asked himself the question: "Well, and what
And collecting the presents they went first to the nursery and
And everything annoyed her--Denisov's shouting and laughter,
And he began clearly and concisely to explain his reasons for
And he began to sob, and again tears flowed from his eyes.
And he narrated his whole conversation with the French doctor and
And latterly, to her surprise and bewilderment, Princess Mary
And no more words were needed. There was a rush, a clatter upon the stairs, the bang of a door, and the crisp rattle of running footfalls from the street.
And not for that day and hour alone were the mind and conscience
And on learning that tomorrow they were to attack the enemy, and
And precious and dear as many persons are to me--father, sister, wife-
And really he only ran a few steps alone. One soldier moved and then
And so I pray God to have you, my friend, in His holy and powerful
And such had European life, politics, Freemasonry, philosophy, and
And suddenly his bosom heaved with sobs and he began to cry.
And suddenly the sequence of these thoughts broke off, and Prince
And the birches with their light and shade, the curly clouds, the
And the cavalry, with spurs and sabers urging on horses that could
And the conversation again turned on the war, on Bonaparte, and
And the corporal leaned against the door and offered Pierre his
And the count gave a similar order to the major-domo and the
And the count stepped as briskly back into the room and slammed
And the count turned to the cook, who, with a shrewd and
And the horror that had seized her when she touched him and
And the old cavalry captain, Kirsten, shouted enthusiastically and
And the old servant got down from the box and went up to the cart.
And the staff captain rose and turned away from Rostov.
And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and
And there was so much kindliness and simplicity in his singsong
And these simple words, her look, and the expression on her face
And thus was solved the mystery of the sinister house with the copper beeches in front of the door. Mr. Rucastle survived, but was always a broken man, kept alive solely through the care of his devoted wife. They still live with their old servants, who probably know so much of Rucastle's past life that he finds it difficult to part from them. Mr. Fowler and Miss Rucastle were married, by special license, in Southampton the day after their flight, and he is now the holder of a government appointment in the island of Mauritius. As to Miss Violet Hunter, my friend Holmes, rather to my disappointment, manifested no further interest in her when once she had ceased to be the centre of one of his problems, and she is now the head of a private school at Walsall, where I believe that she has met with considerable success.
And to do that, order and strictness are essential.... That's all
And with a Frenchman's easy and naive frankness the captain told
And with a sad and rather stern look she told Natasha all that
And with the decision and tenderness that often come at the moment
And with the familiarity and easy grace peculiar to him, he raised
Andrew and Pierre also went out into the porch.
Andrew and sent an order for him to report at headquarters.
Andrew asked her something and how she flushed as she replied.
Andrew did not speak; he was both pleased and displeased that his
Andrew entered and paused facing her at the foot of the sofa on
Andrew gone when the study door opened quickly and the stern figure of
Andrew had said, "the war should be extended widely," and whom
Andrew knew and who had a strap round the calf of one leg, crossed
Andrew most was his absolute and unshakable belief in the power and
Andrew out to him, and he told them to carry him into the tent.
Andrew painfully entreated someone. And suddenly thoughts and feelings
Andrew ran to the door; the scream ceased and he heard the wail of
Andrew recognized Wolzogen and Clausewitz accompanied by a Cossack.
Andrew recognized him and stopped to listen to what he was saying.
Andrew she was horrified, and at tea to which all had sat down after
Andrew shook himself as if waking up, and his face assumed the look it
Andrew was in the same yard as themselves and in a part of the hut
Andrew went round the sofa and kissed her forehead.
Andrew's encounter with Nicholas in 1805, and many other incidents
Andrew's face looked very thoughtful and tender. With his hands behind
Andrew's fiancee. A bright questioning light shone in her eyes, and on
Andrew's presence in their house, despite her sincere pity for him and
Andrew's surprise both began to cry and kissed again. Mademoiselle
Andrew, as he was to see any new visitor, and insisted on his
Andrew, he loved her only, and was to come one of these days and
Aneurysms of the vessels of the #forearm and hand# call for no special
Ankle. The ankle-joint is ankylosed, and there is a large sequestrum in
Anna Mikhaylovna as she entered, and at the big stout figure of Pierre
Anna Mikhaylovna instantly guessed her intention and stooped to be
Anna Mikhaylovna looked at Vera and paused. The countess pressed her
Anna Mikhaylovna paused and waited for him to come up.
Anna Mikhaylovna turned up her eyes, and profound sadness was
Anna Mikhaylovna was already embracing her and weeping. The countess
Anna Pavlovna smiled and promised to take Pierre in hand. She knew
Anna Pavlovna turned toward him and, with a Christian mildness that
Anna Pavlovna's presentiment was justified, and all that morning a
Another criminal, thin and pale, stood near. Judging by their faces
Another five days passed, and then the young Prince Nicholas
Another prodded his horse with the butt end of a musket, and Pierre,
Another still stronger wave flowed through the crowd and reaching
Another voice, that of a nobleman of medium height and about forty
Antichrist, the end of the world, and "pure freedom."
Antonio. Instead of obeying the order to blow up the mission and retire,
Any given tissue can be replaced only by tissue of a similar kind, and
Any tissue of the body may be the seat of an acute abscess, and there
Apparently she had forgotten her age and by force of habit
Arakcheev and Balashev agreed to sign. In this letter, availing
Arakcheev belonged, thought and said what men who have no
Arakcheev was a faithful custodian to enforce order and acted as the
Arakcheev, or Prince Volkonski, or was given this or that advice and
Arakcheev, uttering only the first words amiably and then--again
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
Arkansas and Louisiana. From year to year the process of breaking up
Arkansas, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota.
Arkansas, Virginia, West Virginia, and North Carolina the proportion of
Armed forces came down upon him and, after a hard battle, captured him.
Armenia, and Hedjaz. Italy, Greece, Rumania, and Serbia were enlarged by
Armenians and, saying something, immediately seized the old man by his
Armfeldt virulently hated Napoleon and was a general full of
Armfeldt, a rake and an intriguer; Wintzingerode, a fugitive French
Around the cannon the men moved still more briskly and busily. No
Arriving at this conclusion we can reply directly and positively
Articles in addition to, and amendment of, the Constitution of the
Articles of Confederation and ultimately under the Constitution of the
Articles of Confederation did but strengthen this national bond and the
Articles were overthrown, the equality and rights of the states would be
Artisans and laborers of skill and industry had to be induced to risk
As I entered, a sallow Malay attendant had hurried up with a pipe for me and a supply of the drug, beckoning me to an empty berth.
As I waited, I lifted the unopened newspaper from the table and glanced my eye over it. It rested upon a heading which sent a chill to my heart.
As Pierre approached that street the smoke became denser and denser-
As a dressing for the grafted area and of that also from which the
As a result of the hostility between Kutuzov and Bennigsen, his
As for Natasha, for a long while Nicholas wondered and laughed
As he approached, a ringing shot issued from it deafening him and
As he said this he rose, went to his sister, and, stooping, kissed
As he said this his eyes and face expressed more than coldness--they
As he spoke he drew the dog-whip swiftly from the dead man's lap, and throwing the noose round the reptile's neck he drew it from its horrid perch and, carrying it at arm's length, threw it into the iron safe, which he closed upon it.
As he spoke the door opened and a young lady entered the room. She was plainly but neatly dressed, with a bright, quick face, freckled like a plover's egg, and with the brisk manner of a woman who has had her own way to make in the world.
As he spoke there was a tap at the door, and the boy in buttons entered to announce Miss Mary Sutherland, while the lady herself loomed behind his small black figure like a full-sailed merchant-man behind a tiny pilot boat. Sherlock Holmes welcomed her with the easy courtesy for which he was remarkable, and, having closed the door and bowed her into an armchair, he looked her over in the minute and yet abstracted fashion which was peculiar to him.
As he spoke there was the sharp sound of horses' hoofs and grating wheels against the curb, followed by a sharp pull at the bell. Holmes whistled.
As if measuring themselves and preparing for the coming movement,
As if this action had some mysterious and menacing significance, the
As if to assert their independence of old homes and conservative ideas
As often happens after long sleeplessness and long anxiety, he was
As she became animated the prince looked at her more and more
As soon as Leppich is ready, get together a crew of reliable and
As soon as Natasha had finished she went up to him and asked how
As soon as Prince Andrew had given up his daily occupations, and
As soon as he said this both Prince Vasili and Anna Pavlovna
As soon as it rose everyone in the boxes and stalls became silent,
As soon as she began to speak of that, her lips trembled and her
As soon as the King began to speak loud and fast his royal dignity
As soon as the singing was over, another and another toast was
As the Knights were radical in spirit and their strikes, numerous and
As the cysts increase in number and in size, the framework of the bone
As the farmers from the Northwest and planters from the Southwest poured
As the flames of the fire hidden within come more and more vividly
As the sun and each atom of ether is a sphere complete in itself,
As there is little tendency to spontaneous cure, and as the aneurysm is
As time goes on, the clonic exacerbations become more and more frequent,
As to the railways, the first firm and consistent demand for their
As to the theaters for the entertainment of the people and the
Assessor and State Councilor--and not merely these but a whole state
Assign one to each student for report and comment.
At Waterloo we were fortunate in catching a train for Leatherhead, where we hired a trap at the station inn and drove for four or five miles through the lovely Surrey lanes. It was a perfect day, with a bright sun and a few fleecy clouds in the heavens. The trees and wayside hedges were just throwing out their first green shoots, and the air was full of the pleasant smell of the moist earth. To me at least there was a strange contrast between the sweet promise of the spring and this sinister quest upon which we were engaged. My companion sat in the front of the trap, his arms folded, his hat pulled down over his eyes, and his chin sunk upon his breast, buried in the deepest thought. Suddenly, however, he started, tapped me on the shoulder, and pointed over the meadows.
At a later stage, and especially in neglected cases, operative and other
At a later stage, especially in children and in cases in which the
At a quarter past ten they at last got into their carriages and
At a time of such love, such rapture, and such self-sacrifice, what do
At any stage the disease may be arrested and the glands remain for long
At dinner the conversation did not cease for a moment and seemed
At first he spoke with the amused and mild irony now customary
At first it was but a lurid spark upon the stone pavement. Then it lengthened out until it became a yellow line, and then, without any warning or sound, a gash seemed to open and a hand appeared, a white, almost womanly hand, which felt about in the centre of the little area of light. For a minute or more the hand, with its writhing fingers, protruded out of the floor. Then it was withdrawn as suddenly as it appeared, and all was dark again save the single lurid spark which marked a chink between the stones.
At first the noise of the falling bombs and shells only aroused
At her table there were extra dishes at dinner, and the servants had
At last the Emperor left the army, and as the most convenient and
At length Dron, the village Elder, entered the room and with a
At length in 1920, he too was deposed and murdered, and another military
At nine o'clock the countess woke up, and Matrena Timofeevna, who
At other times she praised Julie to him and advised him to go to
At that instant the sun began to hide behind the clouds, and other
At that moment Anna Pavlovna came up and, looking severely at
At that moment Count Rostopchin with his protruding chin and alert
At that moment Nicholas and Countess Mary came in. Pierre with the
At that moment the first smith got up and, scratching his bruised
At that moment the flames flared up and showed his young master's
At that moment they heard the sound of the door pulley and footsteps
At that moment this all seemed quite easy, simple, and clear to Natasha.
At that moment, with noiseless footsteps and with the
At that party Natasha again met Anatole, and Sonya noticed that she
At that very time Prince Andrew was sitting with Pierre and
At the Troitsa monastery they had spoken of the past, and he had
At the appointed hour the prince, powdered and shaven, entered the
At the battle of Borodino Napoleon shot at no one and killed no one.
At the beginning of July more and more disquieting reports about the
At the beginning of winter Prince Nicholas Bolkonski and his
At the close of the Civil War, Kansas and Texas were sentinel states on
At the end of January Pierre went to Moscow and stayed in an annex
At the end of January Princess Mary left for Moscow, and the count
At the end of the week the prince reappeared and resumed his
At the first sound of trampling hoofs and shouting, Petya lashed his
At the fleches Bennigsen stopped and began looking at the Shevardino
At the front an altercation occurred between an Austrian guide and a
At the men's end of the table the talk grew more and more
At the moment the door opened and the stranger came in, Pierre
At the moment when Rostov and Ilyin were galloping along the road,
At the moment when Vereshchagin fell and the crowd closed in with
At the sight of the tortured Frenchman and the crowd surrounding the
At the sight of these newcomers our client had sprung from his seat and stood very erect, with his eyes cast down and his hand thrust into the breast of his frock-coat, a picture of offended dignity. The lady had taken a quick step forward and had held out her hand to him, but he still refused to raise his eyes. It was as well for his resolution, perhaps, for her pleading face was one which it was hard to resist.
At the very beginning of the war our armies were divided, and our
At the very instant he did this and uttered those words, Pierre felt
At these words Alpatych nodded as if in approval, and not wishing to
Atlantic seaboard, railways followed population and markets. In the Far
Atlantic seaboard; the cowboy and the Indian were swept away before a
Auersperg was defending, and the bridge was not blown up: so Murat
August, 1918, it extended them to eighteen and forty-five. From the men
Austerlitz and held a perfectly unnecessary sword in his left. He
Austerlitz stated, as usual very briefly and vaguely, that after
Austerlitz, led up the Emperor's horse, and the faint creak of a
Austria and Prussia without knowing why. War is not courtesy but the
Austria loses its rights, and the rights and the strength of France
Austria, and in Prussia. We do not know for certain in how far his
Austria-Hungary against Serbia might bring Russia upon the field and
Austria-Hungary and Serbia"; meaning that the small nation should be
Austrian and Russian troops, both those freshly arrived from Russia
Author: Alexis Thomson and Alexander Miles
Author: Charles A. Beard and Mary R. Beard
Awkwardly holding up his sword, he addressed Chernyshev and asked in
Axes and choppers were plied all around. Everything was done without
B, D was undermining C, and so on in all possible combinations and
Baden, and Weimar relations out of Germany.... Yes. I'll drive them
Bagration bowed his head in sign of assent and approval. He rode off
Bagration called to him, and Tushin, raising three fingers to his
Bagration looked round and shouted, "Hurrah!"
Bagration rode round the ranks that had marched past him and
Bagration stopped and, before replying, tried to see Rostov's face
Bagration with his lower jaw trembling and was hardly able to
Bagration's exhausted troops some rest, and letting the transport
Bagration, who recognized him and said a few words to him,
Balaga was a fair-haired, short, and snub-nosed peasant of about
Balashev knew how to reply to each of Napoleon's remarks, and
Balashev made no reply and bowed his head in silence.
Balashev recovered himself and began to speak. He said that the
Balashev took out the packet containing the Emperor's letter and
Bald Hills he again came out on the road and overtook his regiment
Bald Hills to help with the harvest or to dig ponds, and ditches,
Bald Hills to the last extremity and to defend it, leaving to the
Bald Hills with his wife, his mother, and Sonya.
Barclay and condemned, as unsuitable from every point of view, the
Barclay stood for caution. The Tsarevich hinted at treachery and
Barclay, called on to act, does not know what to decide on, and time
Barclay. Barclay donned his sash and came out to meet and report to
Barlow and Cheadle, is met with in infants under two years who have been
Bavarians, Wurttembergers, Mecklenburgers, Spaniards, Italians, and
Bazdeev's books and papers appeared to him the most necessary.
Beauharnais' train had not yet got out of Moscow and reached the
Beaumarchais, a man of wealth, a lover of music, and the author of two
Because of its causing deformities of the bones and an undue liability
Bed-sores are most frequently met with in old and debilitated patients,
Bedouin over (Rostov felt himself quite tiny and weak compared to
Beecher, and William Everett, men of fine ideals and undoubted
Before Anna Pavlovna and the others had time to smile their
Before Rostov had had time to consider and determine the distance of
Before applying leeches the part must be thoroughly cleansed, and if
Before dawn he had slept for a few hours, and refreshed, vigorous, and
Before dinner, Princess Mary and Mademoiselle Bourienne, who knew
Before her words were out, Pierre had sprung up and with a
Before sunrise he was awakened by shouts and loud and rapid
Behind Kutuzov was Bennigsen and the suite. Despite the presence of
Behind him stood the aide-de-camp, the doctors, and the menservants;
Behind him walked his host and hostess. He walked in rapidly, bowing
Behind them sat Anna Mikhaylovna wearing a green headdress and
Being, a Being all-powerful, eternal, and infinite in all His
Bekleshev and Theodore Uvarov, who had arrived with him, paused at the
Belgium and the horrors that accompanied German occupation were odious
Bells rang, the stewards rushed forward, and--like rye shaken
Belova admired the presents and was delighted with her dress
Bending forward in his armchair he said: "Le Roi de Prusse!" and
Bennigsen and Barclay advised? What would have happened had the French
Bennigsen and the Tsarevich.
Bennigsen insisted on the position being defended and others still
Bennigsen spoke to a general who approached him, and began
Bennigsen's note and the Cossack's information that the left flank
Bennigsen's words in an angry voice and thereby drawing attention to
Bennigsen: "and twist about as you may, you will have to come to
Berg always spoke quietly, politely, and with great precision. His
Berg and the countess looked at her, perplexed and frightened. The
Berg blushed and smiled.
Berg had already been engaged a month, and only a week remained
Berg rose and embraced his wife carefully, so as not to crush her
Berg smiled with a sense of his superiority over a weak woman, and
Berg was satisfied and happy. The smile of pleasure never left his
Berg, judging by his wife, thought all women weak and foolish. Vera,
Berthier approached and suggested that they should ride along the line
Berthier, began pacing up and down the bank with him, giving him
Beside himself with terror Pierre jumped up and ran back to the
Besides being occupied with his estates and reading a great
Besides these Russians and foreigners who propounded new and
Bessieres, Caulaincourt, and Berthier were present at that dinner.
Between 1850 and 1859, to use dollars and cents as the measure of
Between 1880 and the close of the century the value of its farm crops
Between eight and nine."
Between four and five in the afternoon, having made all his calls,
Between the ages of three and six months, certain other phenomena may be
Between three and four o'clock in the afternoon Prince Andrew, who
Bezukhov and the owner of one of the largest fortunes in Russia, I
Bezukhov, and will then inherit everything under the will? And if
Bezukhova who had formerly seemed to her so unapproachable and
Bilibin and the rest of "ours" burst out laughing in Hippolyte's
Bilibin attentively examined his nails, and many of those present
Bilibin smiled and the wrinkles on his face disappeared.
Bilibin was a man of thirty-five, a bachelor, and of the same circle
Bilibin was now at army headquarters in a diplomatic capacity, and
Bilibin wrinkled up the skin over his eyebrows and pondered, with
Bilibin's sleeve. "But I love them, you know, and don't want to
Bilibin's study fresh, animated, and handsome, with his hand bandaged.
Bilibin), what he had read began to interest him more and more. When
Biographical historians and historians of separate nations
Black Republican nominee and his fanatical, diabolical Republican
Bogdanich may be, anyway he is an honorable and brave old colonel!
Bogdanich was only pretending not to notice him, and that his whole
Bogucharovo and then in Switzerland and Rome, but he even dreaded to
Bogucharovo and thence to Moscow. Princess Mary, alarmed by her
Bogucharovo at his expense, and a priest was paid to teach reading and
Bogucharovo elder. Countess Mary turned red and then pale, but
Bogucharovo folk, suddenly began selling their cattle and moving in
Bogucharovo, a princely estate with a dwelling house and farm where
Bogucharovo, and had since filled that post irreproachably for
Bogucharovo, replied that they had left on the seventh and again
Boils are most frequently met with on the back of the neck and the
Bolkhovitinov told him everything and was then silent, awaiting
Bolkonski an object of particular respect to the Moscovites and the
Bolkonski and Denisov moved to the gate, at which a knot of soldiers
Bolkonski followed them unnoticed by his uncle and sat down at the
Bolkonski noticed the hussar's state of mind, and it amused him.
Bolkonski was particularly discontented and out of temper. Whether
Bolkonski's health and temper became much worse. He grew still more
Bolkonski, frowning and taking his daughter's hand; he did not kiss
Bolkonski, to reading aloud to him and being friends with Princess
Bolkonski, turning still paler, pushed him away with an angry look and
Bolkonski, wishing to profit by his friendliness and obtain for
Bolkonski. Prince Andrew was in and Boris was shown into a large
Bolshevism, I.W.W.-ism, and the irresponsible leadership that encourages
Bonaparte's new triumph, tomorrow's levee and parade, and the audience
Bonaparte, 'that Your Majesty should be received and treated in my
Bonaparte, and how badly the latter would fare now, especially if
Bonaparte, who also enjoyed the famous actress' favors, and that in
Bondmen without the asking and without preparation found themselves the
Bones formed entirely in cartilage are exempt, namely, the tarsal and
Bony formations occur in _muscles and tendons_, especially at their
Book of American History_, pp. 470 and 564. A plea for amnesty in
Boone, John Sevier, and George Rogers Clark, who first understood the
Boris Drubetskoy, having left his wife in Moscow and being for the
Boris had come intentionally to speak of his love and therefore
Boris is nice. He is very nice, and I love him like a son. But what
Boris looked at his general inquiringly and immediately saw that
Boris looked attentively and kindly at her eager face, but did not
Boris promised to fulfill her wish and was about to begin a
Boris quietly left the room and went in search of Natasha. The plump
Boris said a few words to his general, and Count Bennigsen turned to
Boris understood that this was meant for him and, closing his
Boris was to travel to join the army, and about whom Natasha had,
Boris' uniform, spurs, tie, and the way his hair was brushed were
Boris, grown more manly and looking fresh, rosy and
Borisov had been recovered and would be restored to him.
Borodino and still more rapidly after it, despite Rostopchin's calls
Borodino because Napoleon had a cold, and that if he had not had a
Borodino to the left of, and at a right angle to, the highroad (that
Borodino, and on their left flank Uvarov's cavalry had put the
Both Miss Stoner and I gazed at him in astonishment.
Both the Department of State and the Navy Department were fully
Both the countess and Sonya understood that, naturally, neither
Both were silent. There were two Germans and a Russian officer in
Bourienne, and even little Nicholas exchanged looks in silence. The
Bourienne, little Nicholas and his tutor, her old nurse, three
Braddock's memorable defeat, and had served with credit during the Seven
Break the armistice immediately and march on the enemy. Inform him
Breathless with joy, Pierre ran to the little girl and was going
Bristol, and Liverpool. Workingmen in the manufacturing towns of England
Britain, France, Italy, and Japan, and four other representatives
Britain, a power which Jefferson's followers feared and distrusted, was
Britain, the Declaration contained a long list of "abuses and
British (September, 1777), the invasion of New York by Burgoyne and his
British West Indies against competition from their French and Dutch
British docks and allowed them to escape to play havoc under the
British empire should be confined to agriculture and the production of
British empire, comparing favorably in numbers and wealth with such
British fleet and nation.... This is not a state of things we seek or
British monarchy and an equally passionate plea for American liberty.
British officers. These common soldiers were far away from home and
British ports, to escape and prey upon the commerce of the Northern
British ship, the _Falaba_, was sunk by a submarine and many on board,
British ships. No trade could be carried on between Great Britain and
Broadway; Mr. Platt and his lieutenants. It makes no difference what
Brothers. In the evening I went down to the countess and told a
Brothers. Joseph Alexeevich, having remained silent and thoughtful for
Broussier's division had been seen at Forminsk and that being
Brunswick being made in 1681 and those of Trenton in 1685. In
Buffalo exposition. "What a strange and tragic fate it has been of
Buffalo, had adopted it. Still the larger cities like New York and
Buonaparte has burnt his boats, and I believe that we are ready to
Burning lips were pressed to hers, and at the same instant she
But Boris noticed that he was preparing to make fun of Berg, and
But Count Rostopchin, who now taunted those who left Moscow and now
But Dolokhov restarted the conversation which had dropped and
But God will support you: you are young, and are now, I hope, in
But I saw nothing. At the moment when Holmes struck the light I heard a low, clear whistle, but the sudden glare flashing into my weary eyes made it impossible for me to tell what it was at which my friend lashed so savagely. I could, however, see that his face was deadly pale and filled with horror and loathing. He had ceased to strike and was gazing up at the ventilator when suddenly there broke from the silence of the night the most horrible cry to which I have ever listened. It swelled up louder and louder, a hoarse yell of pain and fear and anger all mingled in the one dreadful shriek. They say that away down in the village, and even in the distant parsonage, that cry raised the sleepers from their beds. It struck cold to our hearts, and I stood gazing at Holmes, and he at me, until the last echoes of it had died away into the silence from which it rose.
But Napoleon nodded to the traveler, and de Beausset had to mount.
But Natasha was not asleep; with pale face and fixed wide-open
But Natasha would not give in. She turned everything out and began
But Pierre thought it necessary to ask: "How is..." and hesitated,
But Rostov bowed himself away from the doctor and asked the
But Rostov pulled away his arm and, with as much anger as though
But a few days before they left Moscow, moved and excited by all
But a man should not and cannot forgive and forget," he replied, and
But afterwards, when she saw her father and especially little Koko
But all he said was so prettily sedate, and the naivete of his
But all that evening and next day reports came in one after
But all the same that night Natasha, now agitated and now
But as a youth in love trembles, is unnerved, and dares not utter
But as if this angered him, he bent his head quite low and muttered:
But at noon the adjutant of the regiment came into Rostov's and
But at that moment Berg came to Pierre and began insisting that he
But at that moment an adjutant entered and reported something to
But behind the veil of smoke the sun was still high, and in front
But besides this, since the exhaustion and enormous diminution of
But for history, the state and power are merely phenomena, just as for
But haste was becoming imperative. Cannon and musketry, mingling
But however indubitable that conclusion and the officer's conviction
But in January Savelich came from Moscow and gave him an account
But in spite of much that was interesting and had to be discussed, the
But in spite of this lowest-grade greeting, a look of anxiety and
But it was much simpler really.... It was all very simple and
But next day no news arrived from the army and the public mood
But no! Good-by, good-by!" he muttered. "It's an awful time!" and
But on hearing the order Dron lowered his eyes and remained silent.
But our left--which consisted of the Azov and Podolsk infantry and the
But perhaps all these comrades of mine struggled just like me and
But pure and complete sorrow is as impossible as pure and complete
But she still hoped, and asked, in words she herself did not trust:
But strange to say, all these measures, efforts, and plans--which
But the Emperor and Balashev passed out into the illuminated
But the adjutant turned his horse about and rode on.
But the convoyman took no notice of the word "general" and shouted
But the countess pushed her daughter away and went up to her
But the doctor interrupted him and moved toward his gig.
But the first plunderers were followed by a second and a third
But the guns remained loaded, the loopholes in blockhouses and
But the happy day came, and on that memorable Sunday, when,
But there was a second and larger phase to their movement, one
But these words came like a piteous, despairing cry and an
But they did not cut off or overthrow anybody and the French army,
But they had to avoid carrying the man upstairs, and so they took
But this was not and could not be done, for during the whole battle
But though he firmly believed himself to be King of Naples and
But while Nicholas was considering these questions and still could
Bute, his teacher and adviser, had told him that his honor required him
Butte the miners began operations in 1864 and within five years had
Buxhowden was all but attacked and captured by a superior enemy
Buxhowden, catches us and attacks. Both generals are angry, and the
Buxhowden. During this interregnum we begin a very original and
By 1817, stagecoaches were running between Washington and Wheeling; by
By 1860, New York had rail connections with Chicago and St. Louis, one
By adopting smaller and smaller elements of motion we only
By eleven o'clock the next day we were well upon our way to the old English capital. Holmes had been buried in the morning papers all the way down, but after we had passed the Hampshire border he threw them down and began to admire the scenery. It was an ideal spring day, a light blue sky, flecked with little fleecy white clouds drifting across from west to east. The sun was shining very brightly, and yet there was an exhilarating nip in the air, which set an edge to a man's energy. All over the countryside, away to the rolling hills around Aldershot, the little red and grey roofs of the farm-steadings peeped out from amid the light green of the new foliage.
By means of splints, the interphalangeal, metacarpo-phalangeal, and
By the beginning of August Helene's affairs were clearly defined and
By the new state constitutions the signs and symbols of royal power, of
By the time they got near Mozhaysk and began ascending the steep
By the time they reached Bogucharovo, Dessalles and the little
By this time they were all approaching Tushin's battery, and a
By wholesale removals and the frank selection of officers on party
C.H. Van Tyne, _The American Revolution_ (American Nation Series) and
C.P. Gilman, _Woman and Economics_.
Caesar through riot and sedition." His protests were idle. The Commons
Caesar's Commentaries), and resting on his elbow, began reading it
Caesar, fed upon meat that made them great and steadily encroached upon
Calhoun, spokesmen of the West and South, were not unmindful of what
California and Oregon were already in the union when there arose the
California, Arizona, New Mexico, and more--a domain greater in extent
California, on to China and around the world, trading as they went and
Cambridge to preach the gospel or to teach. Now and then the son of an
Campan's and Dessaix's, advanced from the French right, while
Canada to Mexico, and embracing the regions now included in Washington,
Canada, and trusted friends of freedom maintained "underground stations"
Canada, had likewise seen service in the French War both in America and
Capital and in others parts of our realm for consultation, and for the
Captain von Toll chanced to ride to the same spot, and seeing the
Captain," and he turned to a thin, dirty little artillery officer
Cards and supper were over, but the visitors had not yet
Carelessly holding in his stallion that was neighing and pawing the
Carolina bought clocks at $480 apiece and chandeliers at $650. To
Carolina's resistance and the other to apply force if it was continued,
Carolina, Arkansas, and Tennessee announced their independence.
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama denounced it; a general
Carolina, pitch, tar, and turpentine. South Carolina, rice and indigo,
Carolinas after 1704, and in Georgia after that colony passed directly
Cartilaginous and partly ossified loose bodies may accumulate in the
Carts piled high with household utensils, chairs, and cupboards kept
Casting a rapid glance at all those in the room and noticing the
Catherine Petrovna did actually play valses and the ecossaise, and
Catherine the Great and talking eagerly. As soon as they saw Pierre
Catholics and Jews were either disfranchised or excluded from office.
Catholics, and other denominations became too strongly intrenched and
Cellulitis of the scalp, orbit, neck, pelvis, and perineum will be
Central Powers; and many Americans of Irish descent, recalling their
Certain of the vascular and cellular changes are now utilised to restore
Certain rights and privileges for the aristocracy appear to me a means
Challenged by this question Pierre raised his head and felt a need
Champ Clark, Speaker of the House of Representatives, and Governor
Chance and genius give him the victory at Austerlitz; and by chance
Chance, millions of chances, give him power, and all men as if by
Chancery! I'll take them where they must go, scold them a bit, and pet
Chaps. XII and XIII. Tabulate the economic measures of Congress in
Chapter I, page 19, period added to pp. 55-159 and pp. 242-244.
Charles I and the accession of George III, there was enacted an immense
Charles X, to Louis Philippe, to a Republican government, and to
Charles' successor, James II, a man of sterner stuff and jealous of his
Chasseurs.... They won't let us pass, we are left behind and have lost
Checks and balances, 153
Chernyshev and Prince Andrew went out into the porch, where the
Chichagov, one of the most zealous "cutters-off" and
Chickamauga, Chattanooga, desperate fighting followed and, in spite of
Chief of Police. "What a fine, good-looking officer and how kind.
China, Japan, and the Suez Canal. This enterprise was not, as some
China, and Japan now flourished under official care. In 1865 a ship
Chinese guns and in peril of a terrible death.
Chinese territorial and administrative entity, protect all rights
Christ, holy Saint Nicholas, Frola and Lavra! Lord Jesus Christ,
Christ, opened its gates to all Christians; and Pennsylvania, true to
Christian men killed and tortured each other either because Napoleon
Christmas came and except for the ceremonial Mass, the solemn and
Circassian cap to his master and looked at him scornfully. This
Circassian was Sonya with burnt-cork mustache and eyebrows.
Civil War and immigrants from Ireland and Germany. In 1869 the two
Closing his eyes, he bowed a la francaise, without taking leave, and
Club and someone near and dear to him sat at the end of the table.
Club dinner and at other times, when as if tired of everyday life he
Club, and Pierre, after giving the letters to Sonya, went to Marya
Coast, Montana, Idaho, and Wyoming, boasting of their populations and
College. The same was true of New York and Philadelphia; namely, that
Colonial governors and judges were to be paid by the Crown; they were to
Colonial life, crowded as it was with hard and unremitting toil, left
Column will march" and so on, the infantry of the belated columns,
Combined military action was agreed upon and Louis then formally
Come back, Cadet!" he cried angrily; and turning to Denisov, who,
Commission was authorized, upon complaint of some party aggrieved, and
Commodores Sloat and Stockton and General Kearney, planted the Stars and
Compromise violated the Constitution and was null and void.
Confederate government secure even paper for the issue of money and
Confused and ever-increasing crowds were running back to where
Congress a large appropriation for an economy and efficiency commission
Congress and the approval of three-fourths of the states. Such an
Congress and the legislatures would be to exceed their powers, they
Congress and the states for their approval.
Congress and the states to compel people to accept the notes at face
Congress enacted in 1870, 1872, and 1873 three drastic laws, sometimes
Congress in desperation as bond sales and revenues from taxes failed to
Congress of delegates in which each state had an equal voice and gave it
Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House
Congress to declare their rights and petition for a redress of
Congress under the Articles of Confederation, and in official capacity
Congress, as a state legislator, or as a state or federal officer, and
Congress, in March, 1901, enacted, and required Cuba to approve, a
Congress, so centralized power over the acts of state and local
Congress. In the summer of 1918 the express, telephone, and telegraph
Congress; (3) limits on states; and (4) methods of amendment. Every line
Conkling and Arthur and Cornell and Platt, from the days of David B.
Conkling said, and in a great outburst of public rage he was pulled
Connecticut and draft a frame of government for themselves. This true
Connecticut and old East Jersey," was slightly smaller than Boston, but
Connecticut would have been seized if it had not been spirited away and
Consciousness says: (1) I alone am, and all that exists is but me,
Consequently the latter metal was not brought in for coinage and silver
Constitution and acting as the first citizen of the land, President
Constitution and its ratification in Virginia he had thrown himself with
Constitution and laws, but in derogation of both."
Constitution and silence on slavery. In every Southern state Bell's vote
Constitution are void; that in cases of deliberate, dangerous, and
Constitution as opposed to narrow and strict construction. In McCulloch
Constitution had made all "debts, obligations, and claims" incurred in
Constitution of the United States--and submitted to the states for
Constitution, laws, and treaties were made the supreme law of the land,
Constitution. In a series of newspaper articles they discussed and
Constitutional Unionists, held a convention at Baltimore and selected
Constitutional symptoms, particularly pyrexia and anaemia, are most often
Continued abstention from speech, and constant avoidance of
Contusion of muscles or nerves may produce partial atrophy and paresis,
Cookshops and taverns were opened in partially burned houses. The
Copenhagen, and now held a rather important post in Vienna. Both the
Copenhagen--a profound intellect," and simply, "Mr. Shitov--a 
Copernicus and Newton, to Voltaire for example, it seemed that the
Cornwallis went into Virginia and settled at Yorktown. Accompanied by
Corporation and labor, 571. _See also_ Trusts
Cossack during the campaign, and he wore a crumpled hussar cap stuck
Cossack regiments and two squadrons of hussars. Denisov, as was his
Cossack, riding a little to their right and behind the accountant,
Cossacks and hussars and willingly accepted that role. Now he had been
Cossacks and then the first and second squadrons of hussars and
Cossacks"--he pointed to a spot in the forest beyond the village--"and
Council of State, which he had so impatiently awaited and to which
Count Bennigsen entered hurriedly, and nodding to Bolkonski, but not
Count Bezukhov) "and now she's in love with that singer" (he meant
Count Bezukhov, and his inheritance. Fancy! The three princesses
Count Bezukhov. Natasha unconsciously felt this delicacy and so
Count Ilya Rostov, cheerful, flushed, and with quivering cheeks, drove
Count Ilya Rostov, hurried and preoccupied, went about in his soft
Count Ilya looked joyfully and proudly around while Bagration spoke to
Count Rostopchin was unable to reply and, turning obediently, went
Count Rostov's mouth watered with pleasure and he nudged Pierre, but
Count Tolstoy, Prince Volkonski, Arakcheev, and others--the Emperor
Countess Apraksina..." and then, again rustling, pass into the
Countess Bezukhova's visit and the invitation for that evening,
Countess Mary listened till he had finished, made some remark, and
Countess Mary raised her head and tried to speak, but hastily looked
Countess Rostova, with her daughters and a large number of guests,
Courage, my angel." She kissed Lise and was about to leave the room.
Court, by generous and ingenious interpretations, found a way for
Court. "That tribunal," he exclaimed, "consists of a chief justice and
Cowpens and King's Mountain. Then came the closing scenes. Cornwallis
Creator with certain unalienable rights including life, liberty, and the
Crile and his co-workers have shown that in surgical shock histological
Crockett, the noted frontiersman, bear hunter, and backwoods politician;
Cross of the Legion of Honor and Napoleon the Order of St. Andrew of
Cuba should be free, Porto Rico ceded to the United States, and Manila
Curtis went over to the new party and 1,341,264 votes were rolled up for
Curtis, and lectures and poems by men like Emerson, Longfellow, and
Custer had his fatal battle with the Sioux in 1876 and there were minor
Czartoryski, Novosiltsev, Kochubey, and Strogonov--whom he himself
Czartoryski, Novosiltsev, Prince Volkonsky, Strogonov, and the others,
DODD, W.E. _Expansion and Conflict_
Dakota, and Michigan swung into line the following year; several other
Daniel Terentich made no reply, and again for a long time they
Daniel rose a little, took a step, and with his whole weight, as if
Danube and the Rhine, poured into the empire of the Caesars and made the
Davout brightened up at the news the adjutant brought, and began
Davout glanced at him silently and plainly derived pleasure from the
Davout looked up and gazed intently at him. For some seconds they
Davout's, and then Ney's--ran, as it were, the gauntlet of the Russian
Davout, after hearing him, became still surlier and ruder.
De Beausset closed his eyes, bowed his head, and sighed deeply, to
Dear and precious Friend, How terrible and frightful a thing is
Dear and precious Friend, Your letter of the 13th has given me great
Death is awful..." and he burst into tears.
Death is usually impending when the skin becomes cold and clammy, the
December 8, 1863. He proposed pardon and a restoration of property,
December and without a dissenting voice passed the ordinance of
Declaration of the Causes and the Necessity of Taking Up Arms,
Definition--Etiology--General characters of innocent and malignant
Deity in human affairs, and therefore history ought to give other
Delaware, Connecticut, and New Mexico were the only states that had not
Delaware--the empire of Texas, one hundred and twenty times its area!
Delicious!" His face grew red and was covered with perspiration.
Democratic House during his entire term and a Democratic Senate for two
Democratic party "with being the same in character and spirit as when it
Democrats and Populists were especially recalcitrant. Mr. Bryan hurried
Democrats gave heed and the Republicans made answer. The platform on
Democrats manage to avoid such difficulties in those states and cities
Democrats, endorsed the fugitive slave law and approved the Great
Denisov also came back and stayed with them. The first half of the
Denisov and Petya rode up to him. From the spot where the peasant
Denisov and the esaul drew back. They were so near that they thought
Denisov as befitted a grownup man and an officer--without hinting at
Denisov at once cheered up and, calling Petya to him, said: "Well,
Denisov came out of the watchman's hut and, having called Petya,
Denisov did not reply; he rode up to Petya, dismounted, and with
Denisov did not take his eyes off her and beat time with his saber
Denisov first went to the barrier and announced: "As the adve'sawies
Denisov frowned and was about to shout some reply but stopped.
Denisov had Tikhon called and, having praised him for his activity,
Denisov had come to Pokrovsk at the beginning of his operations and
Denisov in a felt cloak and a sheepskin cap from which the rain
Denisov looked back and nodded to a Cossack beside him.
Denisov patted him on the shoulder and began rapidly pacing the room
Denisov raised his head, coughed, and made no answer.
Denisov remained silent and did not move, but occasionally looked
Denisov rose and began gesticulating as he explained his plan to
Denisov sat gloomily biting his mustache and listening to the
Denisov was going home to Voronezh and Rostov persuaded him to
Denisov was out of sorts both because of the rain and also from
Denisov was shown to the room prepared for him, and the Rostovs
Denisov's case, when hasty steps and the jingling of spurs were
Denisov's cold tone and supposing that it was due to the condition
Denisov's dugout with a grave and serious face and regretfully
Denisov's horse swerved aside to avoid a pool in the track and
Denisov's horse, Bedouin, was in debt all round, to his comrades and
Denisov's short stature not noticeable and he looked the fine fellow
Denisov, Petya, and the esaul, accompanied by some Cossacks and
Denisov, and seven years previously had listened to the discussion
Denisov, bareheaded and with a gloomy face, walked behind some
Denisov, frowning, took the envelope and opened it.
Denisov, now a general on the retired list and much dissatisfied
Denisov, who had settled down by the roadside with a flask and some
Department to the Department of Commerce and Labor, in order to provide
Despite this destitution, the soldiers and officers went on living
Dessalles about her nephew, and gave orders and made preparations
Dessalles and went to his own room.
Diderot, Beaumarchais, and others?
Dimmler struck a chord and, turning to Natasha, Nicholas, and Sonya,
Discussions and questions of that kind, which are like the
Dmitrievna asking him to come and see her on a matter of great
Dmitrievna's house to their own and settled down in town.
Dmitrievna. "My advice to you is finish your business and go back home
Dnieper Alpatych's cart and that of the innkeeper's wife, which were
Dokhturov rode thither, and Borodino became the greatest glory of
Dolgorukov again and remained for a while with the Ismaylov regiment.
Dolgorukov out into the corridor and met--coming out of the door of
Dolgorukov was still insisting that the French had retreated and had
Dolgorukov, Valuev, Count Markov, and Prince Vyazemski--did not show
Dolgorukov; and though you may not know it, the fact is that now
Dolokhov (who also led a small party and moved in Denisov's vicinity),
Dolokhov a few days before, and on the day that Sonya, after listening
Dolokhov and looking straight before him with a smile that did not
Dolokhov and tried to read what was passing in his mind.
Dolokhov banged down the or of his and turned to Anatole with an
Dolokhov flashed through Pierre's mind, and then he remembered his
Dolokhov got in with him. Makarin, Khvostikov, and a valet seated
Dolokhov has been degraded to the ranks and Bezukhov's son sent back
Dolokhov looked at Pierre with clear, mirthful, cruel eyes, and that
Dolokhov looked sorrowfully at him. Denisov, Rostov, and Nesvitski
Dolokhov recovered, and Rostov became very friendly with him during
Dolokhov reined in his horse and advanced at a walk.
Dolokhov replied that they were not hungry and must push on
Dolokhov said that he and his companion were trying to overtake
Dolokhov smiled contemptuously and condescendingly when Anatole
Dolokhov turned round and, again holding on with both hands,
Dolokhov was a man of small means and no connections. Yet, though
Dolokhov was of medium height, with curly hair and light-blue
Dolokhov who gently switched his boots with his whip and watched
Dolokhov with a cold smile and a gleam in his handsome insolent eyes
Dolokhov with hostility and suspicion. For some seconds all were
Dolokhov's and Petya's steps as they advanced to the fire leading
Dolokhov, "and as for him, I won't let him go on any account."
Dolokhov, after Anatole entered, had remained at the wicket gate and
Dolokhov, and the old countess were especially disturbed, and to a
Dolokhov, who had reappeared that year in Moscow after his exile and
Dolokhov--now an officer--wounded in the arm, and on foot, with
Don't you think so? I only wanted to know your opinion," and Anna
Donets horse and galloped to intersect the path of the dragoons'
Donets horse, dun-colored, with light mane and tail, and when he
Douglas of Illinois and Andrew Johnson of Tennessee, kept up the
Douglas, like Clay and Webster before him, was consumed by a strong
Dr. Grimesby Roylott's chamber was larger than that of his step-daughter, but was as plainly furnished. A camp-bed, a small wooden shelf full of books, mostly of a technical character, an armchair beside the bed, a plain wooden chair against the wall, a round table, and a large iron safe were the principal things which met the eye. Holmes walked slowly round and examined each and all of them with the keenest interest.
Drissa, and thence again beyond Drissa, drawing near to the frontier
Dron came and confirmed Dunyasha's words; the peasants had come by
Dron got up and was about to say something, but Alpatych interrupted
Dron paused. He looked askance at Princess Mary and said: "There are
Dron was disconcerted, glanced furtively at Alpatych and again
Dron was of this opinion, but as soon as he expressed it Karp and
Dron was one of those physically and mentally vigorous peasants
Dron's look and therefore frowned and moved closer up to him.
Duke of Oldenburg's territory, and even..." Count Rostopchin paused,
Dunyasha's words about Peter Ilynich and a misfortune, but did not
Dunyasha, the nurse, and Michael Ivanovich following her.
During all these discussions Pfuel and his interpreter, Wolzogen
During the first period of his service, hard as he tried and much as
During the hours of solitude, suffering, and partial delirium he
During the month that the French troops were pillaging in Moscow and
During the two decades from 1870 to 1890 both the cattle men and the
During the winter Prince Andrew had come to Bald Hills and had
During this difficult journey Mademoiselle Bourienne, Dessalles, and
Dusk had fallen, and the roar of guns died away. Pierre lay
Dusting powders and poultice dressings are best avoided in the treatment
Dutch--still distinct enough to give a decided cast to the life and
E. Charming, _History of the United States_, Vols. I and II.
E. Lee, first at Antietam in September, 1862, and then at Gettysburg in
E. Semple, _American History and Its Geographical Conditions_.
E.E. Robinson and V.J. West, _The Foreign Policy of Woodrow Wilson_.
Each dog knew its master and its call. Each man in the hunt knew his
Each time the fly touched his face it gave him a burning sensation and
East and South. In the region of arable and watered lands the typical
East and West was reached with the opening of the Erie Canal in 1825,
East and the Old World. To the northwest over against Iowa and to the
East, came to his rescue and in 1893 swept the troublesome sections of
East, form new commercial connections, and escape from federal control.
Eastern coast towns. Salt, iron, guns, powder, and the absolute
Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony. They formed a national
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, and Mary Ann McClintock, three of them Quakers.
Emperor about that, and secondly, if the Russian nobility had that
Emperor and King protects them, and considers no one among you his
Emperor and he had not made use of it.... "What have I done?"
Emperor and his companion at Erfurt, where he had more than once met
Emperor and his marshals, nor was there any need of that special and
Emperor and that it would be wiser for him to leave Petersburg. Pierre
Emperor and the whole army, especially while the smoke hung over the
Emperor at once rode up to him, offered his services, and assisted him
Emperor from under his brow and, sniffing with his red nose, stepped
Emperor had only just fallen asleep and so Savary had to wait. At
Emperor made a wry face and muttered something in which some people
Emperor pleases to recognize Bonaparte as Emperor and to conclude an
Emperor rode through the streets to comfort the inhabitants, and,
Emperor smiled and interrupted him.
Emperor to the people, and of his coming himself from the army to
Emperor's aide-de-camp, received Bolkonski and informed him that the
Emperor's arrival, lay several killed and wounded soldiers whom
Emperor's name that he asked his opinion, Pfuel rose and, suddenly
Emperor's visit--a sense of the necessity of undertaking something and
Emperor, accompanied by General Bennigsen and Marquis Paulucci, had
Emperor, an exception made, and Boris transferred into the regiment of
Emperor, and lastly and chiefly Pfuel was there because he had drawn
Emperor, and these transfers, a more than usually complicated play
Emperor, and who considered Kutuzov to be under an obligation to him
Emperor, kings, and dukes--whose capture would have been in the
Emperor," said Rostov, and was about to spur his horse.
Emperors and had brought from there these connections with the
Emperors dismounted and took each other's hands. Napoleon's face
Emperors, Russian and Austrian, to report and explain, and to his
English and the French occurred before their advancing frontiers met on
English creditors in return for goods and in payment of the interest and
English government, ever furious and irrepressible, was increased in the
English government, to which duties should have been paid. Sugar and
English lord and statesman buying with enthusiasm and confidence to
English merchants and manufacturers, Parliament sought to protect the
English nobleman left his baronial hall behind and cast his lot with
English, French, and Spanish Possessions in America, 1750
English, Irish, and Scotch-Irish descent came as usual from the Eastern
Englishman. All his tastes and habits, good and bad, were English. No
Entering the house, Prince Andrew saw Nesvitski and another adjutant
Epistles and Gospels. Let us not seek to penetrate what mysteries they
Ermolov came forward with a frown on his face and, hearing what
Ermolov screwed up his eyes and smiled faintly on hearing these
Ermolov was nowhere to be found and no one knew where he was. The
Ermolov, Miloradovich, Platov, and others in proximity to the French
Established Church as their source of inspiration and support: William
Europe had always before them that gateway to property and prosperity.
Europe. He had, however, a touch of the theatrical in his nature and
Europe. There they were destined to serve as a guide and inspiration to
Europe; and not a fictitious but a live character who like every man
Even a tax on incomes and gains by the year, the first in the history of
Even before he gave that order the thing he did not desire, and
Even before the coming of steam and machinery, in the "good old days" of
Even in the best, most friendly and simplest relations of life,
Even the farmers who furnished raw materials, like wool, flax, and hemp,
Even when Connecticut was chartered, the parchment and sealing wax of
Events followed thick and fast. On June 17, the American militia, by
Every day's news confirmed their predictions and lent support to their
Every house in Mozhaysk had soldiers quartered in it, and at the
Every line of this document was clear and firm. The tariff, it opened,
Every sphere of work was connected, in his eyes, with evil and
Everybody laughed, and Hippolyte louder than anyone. He was
Everyone moved back, and the Emperor came smiling out of the drawing
Everyone waited, so emphatically and eagerly did he demand their
Everything became strange, confused, and misty in Pierre's eyes.
Everything had been eaten up and the inhabitants had all fled--if
Everything is done to deprive him of the remains of his reason and
Everything seemed so futile and insignificant in comparison with the
Everything was stone-still, like the moon and its light and the
Everything within and around him seemed confused, senseless, and
Everything: her face, walk, look, and voice, was suddenly altered.
Everywhere he saw friendly looks and heard friendly words. Yesterday's
Everywhere in Mozhaysk and beyond it, troops were stationed or on
Everywhere in the grazing country he was a conspicuous and important
Everywhere on the bank, on the dam, and in the pond, there was
Evidently Speranski liked to rest after his labors and find
Evidently it has to be so," said he to himself, and hastily undressing
Evidently just before coming to the dinner he had had his hair and
Evidently the prince understood her, and also understood, as he
Excellency Prince Vasili Kuragin and his son, I understand?" she
Excellency," were decried as aristocratic and some of the more excited
Excited and irritated by these thoughts Prince Andrew went toward
Expecting the enemy from behind and not in front, the French
F. Parkman, _California and the Oregon Trail_.
F. Parkman, _France and England in North America_ (12 vols.).
F.E. Chadwick, _The Relations of the United States and Spain_.
FAT EMBOLISM.--After various injuries and operations, but
Fahrenheit he threw open the bearskin cloak from his broad chest and
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
Faster still the two troykas flew side by side, and faster moved the
Fat and air embolism have already been referred to.
Father Akinfi, the monk, and he approved of her intention. Under guise
Federalist judges and promptly fined and imprisoned. Although the
Federalist nominee, and carried on such a spirited campaign that they
Federalist opponents in their turn discredited as nullifiers and
Federalists and Anti-Federalists regarded the new constitution of France
Federalists and Anti-Federalists, the former led by Hamilton, the latter
Federalists in the judiciary and to enlarge the sphere of the national
Fedorovna came in and leaned her portly person against the doorpost.
Ferapontov's wife and children were also sitting in a cart waiting
Ferapontov. The cook began running hither and thither in the passage
Figs. 136 and 137, and there were also scattered patches of brown
Fili, and that somebody actually submitted such a proposal to him. But
Finally, in cases in which the paralysis is permanent and incurable, the
Fine teachers!" and again his voice grew shrill.
Fires were lighted and the talk became more audible. Captain Tushin,
Firm as the American leaders were in the statement and defense of their
First and foremost among them was the uprush of mills managed by
Fishing-gut and silver wire, as well as the needles, should be boiled
Fistulae also occur between the bladder and vagina (_vesico-vaginal
Five minutes later Daniel and Uvarka were standing in Nicholas'
Flat bones, such as the skull or ilium, must be trephined and the pus
Follette of Wisconsin and launched an attack on the Taft measures and
Following the superintendent of police and talking loudly the
Food and fuel law, 607
For Russian historians, strange and terrible to say, Napoleon-
For _the use of tuberculin in diagnosis_ and for _the vaccine treatment
For a moment he had staggered and nearly fallen, but the brandy brought a tinge of colour into his cheeks, and he sat staring with frightened eyes at his accuser.
For all the preposterous hat and the vacuous face, there was something noble in the simple faith of our visitor which compelled our respect. She laid her little bundle of papers upon the table and went her way, with a promise to come again whenever she might be summoned.
For answer Holmes clapped the hat upon his head. It came right over the forehead and settled upon the bridge of his nose. "It is a question of cubic capacity," said he; "a man with so large a brain must have something in it."
For instance, Pierre's return was a joyful and important event and
For people accustomed to think that plans of campaign and battles
For reasons known or unknown to us the French began to drown and
For refusing to obey the order, Debs was arrested and imprisoned. With
For sole reply Daniel gave him a shy, childlike, meek, and amiable
For some days the weather had been calm and clear with slight frosts
For ten days the Charleston convention wrangled over the platform and
For the first time for many days Natasha wept tears of gratitude and
For the rest, the text has been revised, condensed, and in places
Formerly he had appeared to be a kindhearted but unhappy man, and so
Formerly she had felt that he regarded her with indifference and
Formerly, after he had given two or three orders and uttered a few
Forminsk and stopped at the village of Aristovo, preparing
Four weeks had passed since Pierre had been taken prisoner and
Fourthly and chiefly it was impossible, because never since the
France and England were to be brought to terms by cutting off their
France and in opposition to what they were pleased to call the
France by a secret treaty signed in 1800. "The scalers of the Alps and
France from a republic became an empire and French armies went to
France with a battalion, and the French, who had been hating him,
France, and Italy, millions of tons of coal every year for ten years;
Franklin acquired by the diligent and repeated analysis of the
Franklin, now old and full of honor in his own land as well as abroad;
Fraser, 60 per cent. of the cases of bone and joint tubercle in children
Frauds in the Post-office Department were uncovered and the offenders
Freemasons, churches, and books--no one and nothing met with a refusal
French War and was accounted an excellent officer, a strict
French adroitness and Italian play-acting! Do you know the tale
French and Dutch if the law had been enforced. The duties, however, were
French and Indian conflict, which stretched all the way from Maine to
French and their uniforms and at the streets and houses where the
French army melted away and perished at the same rate from Moscow to
French columns and stumbled instead on Napoleon himself with sixteen
French could not keep up with them; cavalry and artillery horses broke
French crowds that were running past, and demanded reinforcements
French for two days, and that that success had increased our
French greatcoats, and some with horsecloths over their heads. The
French had gone and that his wife was no more. "Oh, how good, how
French had not yet occupied that region, and the Russians--the
French in the same tone as those that had been addressed to her, and
French in very bad language, came out of the drink shop, and, under
French proclamations were circulating in the villages, and that if the
French reached Moscow and there came to a standstill. For five weeks
French side and the Russian, are advanced only because they fit in
French strained its strength to the utmost and could not have done
French to be a series of victories, and quite wrongly considered
French to the Austrian Emperor and smiled.
French troops Washington swept rapidly southward and penned the British
French were in Moscow, and (above all) a dim consciousness in every
French were other regions still unexplored and unoccupied where,
French, and Pierre who was his neighbor, but Pierre felt that in spite
French, and asked if no French had strayed that way, the elder replied
French, every now and then turning to Pfuel and saying, "Is it not so,
French, hungry and freezing, surrendered in crowds, and when (as the
French, with faces distorted by suffering, walked, crawled, and were
French," thought Princess Mary. "I will offer them monthly rations and
French--and even the Frenchmen in the Russian service--could do
French. The beginning of this type of legislation was made in 1651 and
Frenchman again and smiled. He took out an assignation ruble note
Frenchman and a scoundrel, but our ladies crawl after him on their
Frenchman and, before the latter had time to draw his sword, knocked
Frenchman for the money and went on admiring his own work. The
Frenchman in a Spanish uniform. (This Frenchman and one of the
Frenchman remembers his bayonet and stabs him...."
Frenchman without looking at him. "Oh dear!" muttered Karataev and
Frenchman, in a blue overcoat, capless, and with a frowning red
Frenchman, others to Toll, and others again to Alexander himself-
Frenchmen began to disperse. They all went away silently and with
Frenchmen were doing something near the pit, with pale faces and
Frenchmen, and consequently he was made the buffoon of all the
Frenchmen, and though but a moment before he had been galloping to get
Friends and relations advised Nicholas to decline the inheritance.
Frightened by uprising, the English government drew back and repealed
From all sides were heard the footsteps and talk of the infantry,
From broken remarks about Natasha and his father, from the emotion
From early morning strenuous activities and efforts had begun and by
From one open shop came the sound of blows and vituperation, and
From outside came the occasional cry of a night-bird, and once at our very window a long drawn catlike whine, which told us that the cheetah was indeed at liberty. Far away we could hear the deep tones of the parish clock, which boomed out every quarter of an hour. How long they seemed, those quarters! Twelve struck, and one and two and three, and still we sat waiting silently for whatever might befall.
From such horrors New Jersey and Delaware were saved on account of their
From that day a tender and passionate friendship such as exists only
From the battlefield adjutants he had sent out, and orderlies from
From the close of the year 1811 intensified arming and concentrating
From the moment they were alone and Natasha came up to him with
From the time the first person said and proved that the number of
From the time the law of Copernicus was discovered and proved, the
Funke beaucoup d'estime, and again her face clouded over with sadness.
Further changes may take place, and result in the transformation of the
G.H. Montague, _Rise and Progress of the Standard Oil Company_
G.L. Beer, _Origin of the British Colonial System_ and _The Old Colonial
Galyl, luargol, and other preparations act in the same way as the "606"
Ganglia are to be diagnosed by their situation and physical characters;
Gates at Camden, and overran South Carolina, though meeting reverses at
Gazing at the high starry sky, at the moon, at the comet, and at the
General Merritt and Admiral Dewey carried Manila by storm. The war was
General Pernetti, with thirty cannon of Campan's division and all
General Porfirio Diaz, established in 1876 and maintained with only a
General," he added, and rode into the yard past Prince Andrew and
Generals Bagration and Dolgorukov ride past with their adjutants.
Generals Grant, Sherman, Thomas, and Hooker against Albert Sidney
George Clymer, and James Wilson of Pennsylvania. All but twelve had at
George of the First Class and the Emperor showed him the highest
Georgia were to be found in the fields, kitchens, and workshops, men,
Gerasim and the porter let Makar Alexeevich go, and in the now
Gerasim and the porter, who had followed Makar Alexeevich, stopped
Gerasim gazed at the officer with an alarmed and inquiring look.
Gerasim looked cautiously into the study several times and saw
Gerasim opened one of the shutters and left the room on tiptoe.
German ambassador to the White House and informed him in very precise
German and Scotch-Irish Settlements                                  8
German heads but theories not worth an empty eggshell and haven't in
German princes were frightened at the loss of so many subjects and
German writer and agitator, Karl Marx, appealed directly to workingmen.
German's self-assurance is worst of all, stronger and more repulsive
German, and seemed loaded with a whole houseful of effects. A fine
Germans and the English. The spheres of authority being vague and open
Germans invaded the little duchy of Luxemburg and notified the King of
Germany and partly in the Covenant of the League of Nations. Exception
Germany and plotted an invasion of France to overthrow the new system of
Germany and would await an "overt act" before taking further steps to
Germany was reduced by the cession of Alsace-Lorraine to France and the
Germany, and Scandinavia--diminished; that from Italy, Russia, and
Germany. Wars, religious controversies, oppression, and poverty drove
Ghost, now and forever, world without end. Amen."
Giemsa's method, and its recognition is greatly aided by the use of the
Glancing indolently and indifferently at all the prisoners, he ordered
Go and have another look and then come back to me."
Go, go and tell Lise."
Gobelin tapestries and Persian carpets in the house. When Natasha
God had entrusted to his care and whom he intended to benefit.
God! The same faces, the same talk, Papa holding his cup and blowing
God's own and goes barefoot summer and winter), he says, 'Why are
God, in the sight of nations, and adopt this atrocious policy? Sooner
God," he added, and closed his eyes.
God. "I know Thou art great, and that it is a sin to ask this of Thee,
Golitsyn and he has refused. Be the kindhearted man you always
Golitsyn has founded a society and in consequence has great influence,
Good-by, Princess. I wish you happiness and consolation and hope to
Gouverneur Morris had vigorously condemned it and proposed that the
Government and Politics_ (3d ed.), pp. 401-416.
Government and Politics_, pp. 454-457.
Government to acquire territory to be held and governed permanently as
Governor and to come back as quickly as possible if there was danger.
Grabern could be seen, and in three places to left and right the
Great Britain and France. To them the invasion of the little kingdom of
Great Britain had no need to impress sailors, search ships, and
Great Britain, France, Italy, and Japan. This was later reduced to five
Great Lakes and the Pennsylvania chain linking Philadelphia with the
Great could not have done more," said Napoleon, growing more and
Great's wars, and all he came across in the history of more recent
Greek had met Greek. The convention was hopelessly deadlocked and on the
Greeley, though indorsed by the Democrats, was utterly routed and died
Greenbackers, or Anti-monopolists, their slogans and their platforms all
Grenville, "that America should be protected by this country and pay no
Gridneva), and as the Russian commanders did not wish, or were not
Guards, having taken up their position and seeing troops before
Guards, renounced the throne and went into exile. Then the skillful
Guards, wearing a cocked hat with its peaks front and back, with his
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Guthrie and Oklahoma City. In ten days wooden houses rose on the plains.
H.P. Fairchild, _Immigration_, and F.J. Warne, _The Immigrant Invasion_
Had the enactment of the scenes been confined to the high seas and
Hair-covered parts should be shaved and the surrounding skin painted
Half an hour later Kutuzov left for Tatarinova, and Bennigsen and
Hamilton presented his cause in his state papers and despite the
Hamilton's day and had borrowed at high rates of interest in London in
Hamilton's reply to this bill of indictment was simple and
Hamilton, Madison, and Jay took up their pens in defense of the
Hampshire, and a major in the local militia when duty summoned him to
Hanoverian prince who, though grateful for English honors and revenues,
Hard as it was for Sonya, she watched her friend and did not let her
Harrison. The Indians stood in the way of the advancing frontier, and it
Haversian canals undergo enlargement and become filled with
Having arranged matters thus, Denisov and Dolokhov intended, without
Having as it were reviewed her kingdom, tested her power, and made
Having been taken prisoner and allowed his beard to grow, he
Having briefly and exactly explained her wishes to him, she let him go
Having disposed of the tariff, Congress took up the old and vexatious
Having entered his study Pierre closed the door and addressed
Having finished his inquiries and extorted from Daniel an opinion
Having glanced through the dispatch he laid it on the table and
Having gone nearly three miles he at last met an acquaintance and
Having growing industries and wool to sell it benefited from the
Having jerked out these last words as soldiers do and waved his arms
Having left Lestrade at his rooms, we drove to our hotel, where we found lunch upon the table. Holmes was silent and buried in thought with a pained expression upon his face, as one who finds himself in a perplexing position.
Having lifted her head and let her arms droop lifelessly, as
Having ordered punch and summoned de Beausset, he began to talk to
Having passed the Guards and traversed an empty space, Rostov, to
Having put on French greatcoats and shakos, Petya and Dolokhov
Having put up at an inn they both went to sleep, and next morning
Having reached his country house and begun to give orders about
Having read thus far, Princess Mary sighed and glanced into the
Having received this information, the little princess and Mademoiselle
Having released Mavrushka, Natasha crossed the dancing hall and went
Having returned to the regiment and told the commander the state
Having ridden beyond the village, continually meeting and overtaking
Having run through different yards and side streets, Pierre got back
Having similarly explained his views and his magnanimity to
Having tied a girdle over his coat and pulled his cap low on his
Having understood this Princess Mary sobbed still louder, and the
Having written this and given the paper to Alpatych, he told him how
Hay, "the rest of the world paused and finally came over to our ground;
Hayne, Calhoun, and Jefferson Davis. In seceding, the Southern states
He alone--with his ideal of glory and grandeur developed in Italy
He and the other prisoners were taken to the right side of the
He ascended an incline, stopped, looked about him, and advanced to
He ate his supper of buckwheat soup with horseflesh and chatted with
He attended party caucuses and conventions, ran for the state
He began pacing the room. The screaming ceased, and a few more
He bent his head and was silent for some time.
He blinked, went red, got up and sat down again, struggling with
He bowed his head and scraped first with one foot and then with
He broke the seal and glanced over the contents.
He came quickly up to Pierre and embraced and kissed him.
He cast down his eyes and hurried out as if it were none of his
He chose for his motto: "Immediate and unconditional emancipation!" He
He chuckled to himself and rubbed his long, nervous hands together.
He closed his eyes and remained silent a long time. Then as if in
He closed his eyes, and immediately a sound of cannonading, of
He closed his eyes, and, from all sides as if from a distance,
He confessed, and received communion: everyone came to take leave of
He continually hurt Princess Mary's feelings and tormented her,
He continued to pace the room, looking gloomily at Denisov and the
He could hear shooting ahead of him. Cossacks, hussars, and ragged
He could not finish, and ran out of the room.
He descended the knoll and began walking up and down before it.
He determined to unite the Northern colonies and introduce a more
He did not finish speaking. At one and the same moment came the
He did not know Arakcheev personally, had never seen him, and all he
He did not see and did not hear how they shot the prisoners who
He disappeared into his bedroom and returned in a few minutes in the character of an amiable and simple-minded Nonconformist clergyman. His broad black hat, his baggy trousers, his white tie, his sympathetic smile, and general look of peering and benevolent curiosity were such as Mr. John Hare alone could have equalled. It was not merely that Holmes changed his costume. His expression, his manner, his very soul seemed to vary with every fresh part that he assumed. The stage lost a fine actor, even as science lost an acute reasoner, when he became a specialist in crime.
He drew back and a real tear appeared in his eye.
He drew up his chair, and continued to explain.
He embraced Prince Andrew, pressing him to his fat breast, and for
He embraced her. She screamed and fell unconscious on his shoulder.
He embraced his daughter, and then again Pierre, and kissed him with
He entered briskly, with a jerk at every step and his head
He explained his wish to be present at the battle and to see the
He feebly moved his leg and uttered a weak, sickly groan which aroused
He felt ashamed, and with one arm covered his legs from which his
He felt that he no longer looked presentable, and feared that if
He filled the girls' albums with verses and music, and having at
He finished and, getting up, embraced and kissed Pierre, who, with
He flicked the horse with his whip, and we dashed away through the endless succession of sombre and deserted streets, which widened gradually, until we were flying across a broad balustraded bridge, with the murky river flowing sluggishly beneath us. Beyond lay another dull wilderness of bricks and mortar, its silence broken only by the heavy, regular footfall of the policeman, or the songs and shouts of some belated party of revellers. A dull wrack was drifting slowly across the sky, and a star or two twinkled dimly here and there through the rifts of the clouds. Holmes drove in silence, with his head sunk upon his breast, and the air of a man who is lost in thought, while I sat beside him, curious to learn what this new quest might be which seemed to tax his powers so sorely, and yet afraid to break in upon the current of his thoughts. We had driven several miles, and were beginning to get to the fringe of the belt of suburban villas, when he shook himself, shrugged his shoulders, and lit up his pipe with 

He gave her a cold, angry look and offered her his wrinkled,
He glanced at Prince Andrew's face and quickly turned away.
He glanced at his cousin and the young lady visitor; and they were
He got up and went to the window to open it. As soon as he opened
He had hardly spoken before there rushed into the room one of the most lovely young women that I have ever seen in my life. Her violet eyes shining, her lips parted, a pink flush upon her cheeks, all thought of her natural reserve lost in her overpowering excitement and concern.
He had long been thinking of entering the army and would have done
He had none, but looked so unhappily and greedily at the others
He had received and given the orders for next day's battle and had
He had risen from his chair and was standing between the parted blinds gazing down into the dull neutral-tinted London street. Looking over his shoulder, I saw that on the pavement opposite there stood a large woman with a heavy fur boa round her neck, and a large curling red feather in a broad-brimmed hat which was tilted in a coquettish Duchess of Devonshire fashion over her ear. From under this great panoply she peeped up in a nervous, hesitating fashion at our windows, while her body oscillated backward and forward, and her fingers fidgeted with her glove buttons. Suddenly, with a plunge, as of the swimmer who leaves the bank, she hurried across the road, and we heard the sharp clang of the bell.
He had seen his comrades in arms starving and freezing because the
He had the letter taken from his pocket and the table--on which
He had thought of buying New Orleans and West Florida for a small sum,
He hated her and was forever sundered from her. Despite Denisov's
He heard the sound of a scuffle and Sonya's disapproving voice:
He held out his snuffbox of old gold, with a great amethyst in the centre of the lid. Its splendour was in such contrast to his homely ways and simple life that I could not help commenting upon it.
He himself undertook his daughter's education, and to develop these
He hired the first cab he met and told the driver to go to the
He imagined that the war with Russia came about by his will, and the
He is needed for the place that awaits him, and so almost apart from
He knew no one, and despite his smart Guardsman's uniform, all these
He lay down on the sofa meaning to fall asleep and forget all that
He left off visiting Helene and received reproachful notes from her
He left the room and went to the waiting room where Alpatych stood
He lifted himself and sat up. A Frenchman who had just pushed a
He listened and heard the sound of approaching horses, and voices
He listened, refraining from a reply, and involuntarily wondered how
He looked around, and in the direct, respectful, wondering gaze
He looked at her and was struck by the serious impassioned
He looked at her without moving and saw that she wanted to draw a
He looked compassionately at Balashev, and as soon as the latter
He looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes, evidently
He looked straight at Prince Andrew and suddenly unwrinkled his
He made as if he did not notice that look and moved hastily away.
He mounted and rode toward Semenovsk.
He moved as if to rise. The generals bowed and retired. It was
He nodded in answer to Balashav's low and respectful bow, and coming
He now often remembered his conversation with Prince Andrew and
He opened his eyes and looked up. The black canopy of night hung
He ordered his horse at once and, coldly taking leave of Boris, rode
He ordered his horse to be saddled and, leaving his regiment on
He paced up and down for a while and glanced at his notes.
He passed four days in the coach house near the Crimean bridge and
He passed into the next room, and the deep, querulous sounds of
He patted her on the shoulder and himself closed the door after her.
He paused and looked around.
He paused and rubbed his face and eyes with his hands.
He paused and sighed, evidently trying to calm himself.
He paused and then suddenly seeing the pistol on the table seized it
He paused at the sight of Pierre. His face quivered and
He paused, and just as he was about to say something more, another
He paused, his gaze still on Pierre, and moved aside on the sofa
He paused, looked ironically straight into Balashev's eyes, and said
He picked it up and gazed at it in the peculiar introspective fashion which was characteristic of him. "It is perhaps less suggestive than it might have been," he remarked, "and yet there are a few inferences which are very distinct, and a few others which represent at least a strong balance of probability. That the man was highly intellectual is of course obvious upon the face of it, and also that he was fairly well-to-do within the last three years, although he has now fallen upon evil days. He had foresight, but has less now than formerly, pointing to a moral retrogression, which, when taken with the decline of his fortunes, seems to indicate some evil influence, probably drink, at work upon him. This may account also for the obvious fact that his wife has ceased to love him."
He picked out from his bundle a copy of the local Herefordshire paper, and having turned down the sheet he pointed out the paragraph in which the unfortunate young man had given his own statement of what had occurred. I settled myself down in the corner of the carriage and read it very carefully. It ran in this way:
He pointed with a smile to a turreted nunnery, and his eyes narrowed
He pulled off the quilt and shook it. The purse was not there.
He read, and read everything that came to hand. On coming home,
He remembered his honeymoon and blushed at the recollection.
He rode in angry agitation toward him, firmly grasping his whip and
He rose, walked to and fro, put on a warm overcoat and a hat, and went
He said a few words to Prince Andrew and Chernyshev about the
He said something more, but Rostov did not wait to hear it and
He sat down beside Hippolyte and wrinkling his forehead began
He sat down by his wife, his elbows on his knees and his hands
He scattered the burning tobacco, smashed the pipe, and threw it
He seated himself more comfortably and coughed, evidently
He seemed in his heart to reproach her for being too perfect, and
He sent for Pierre and said to him: "My dear fellow, if you are
He shaved and scented himself with the care and elegance which had
He shrugged his shoulders and spread out his hands. Pierre wished to
He shrugged his shoulders when Pierre was mentioned and, pointing to
He sighed, and glanced with a radiant, childlike, tender look at
He signed with a flourish and suddenly turning to his son began to
He smiled and held out his hand to her.
He snatched it from her in his eagerness, and smoothing it out upon the table he drew over the lamp and examined it intently. I had left my chair and was gazing at it over his shoulder. The envelope was a very coarse one and was stamped with the Gravesend postmark and with the date of that very day, or rather of the day before, for it was considerably after midnight.
He stood at the back, and, though he had heard hardly anything,
He stopped and remained silent for a long time.
He summoned, adjourned, and dissolved the popular assembly, or the lower
He thought this, and at the same time remembered that people were
He took a heavy paperweight and lifted it threateningly, but at once
He took a large sheet of paper from his pocket, all covered with dates and names.
He took an orange from the cupboard, and tearing it to pieces he squeezed out the pips upon the table. Of these he took five and thrust them into an envelope. On the inside of the flap he wrote "S. H. for J. O." Then he sealed it and addressed it to "Captain James Calhoun, Barque Lone Star, Savannah, Georgia."
He took his seat beside the aide-de-camp on duty and drove into
He took some gold pieces from his trouser pocket and put them on the
He took the dispatch which was addressed to him and began to read it
He took the packet from the table and handed it to Pierre.
He touched his horse and having called Miloradovich, the commander
He turned his head and saw that the adjutant was putting another
He unbuttoned his coat and sat down on a bench in the porch.
He understood it completely, and, leaving the room without crying,
He walked swiftly round from one to the other, pausing only at the large one which looked from the hall onto the stable lane. This he opened and made a very careful examination of the sill with his powerful magnifying lens. "Now we shall go upstairs," said he at last.
He wanted to see me, and I was standing close by, outside the door. It
He was a large man with rounded shoulders, a massive head, and a broad, intelligent face, sloping down to a pointed beard of grizzled brown. A touch of red in nose and cheeks, with a slight tremor of his extended hand, recalled Holmes' surmise as to his habits. His rusty black frock-coat was buttoned right up in front, with the collar turned up, and his lank wrists protruded from his sleeves without a sign of cuff or shirt. He spoke in a slow staccato fashion, choosing his words with care, and gave the impression generally of a man of learning and letters who had had ill-usage at the hands of fortune.
He was a man of about fifty, tall, portly, and imposing, with a massive, strongly marked face and a commanding figure. He was dressed in a sombre yet rich style, in black frock-coat, shining hat, neat brown gaiters, and well-cut pearl-grey trousers. Yet his actions were in absurd contrast to the dignity of his dress and features, for he was running hard, with occasional little springs, such as a weary man gives who is little accustomed to set any tax upon his legs. As he ran he jerked his hands up and down, waggled his head, and writhed his face into the most extraordinary contortions.
He was as careful of the sowing and reaping of the peasants' hay and
He was awaiting Prince Andrew's return with dread and went every day
He was being held by the arms and his horse was being led behind him.
He was deaf and did not hear Prince Andrew ride up. He was sitting
He was evidently suffering both physically and mentally. There was
He was flushed and bathed in perspiration, though the room was not
He was none too strong at best and he took a deep cold on the day of his
He was proud of her intelligence and goodness, recognized his own
He was ridiculous, and unpleasantly sarcastic, but yet he inspired
He was somewhat flushed with the wine and the drive. His eyes were
He was the bravest and most useful man in the party. No one found
He was thinking of Prince Andrew, of Natasha, and of their love,
He was wearing a blue swallow-tail coat, shoes and stockings, and
He went alone, at his own request, for he explained that any unnecessary footmarks might make his task more difficult. For an hour or more he was at work, returning at last with his feet heavy with snow and his features as inscrutable as ever.
He went in silence from one corner of the room to the other and
He went to his bed, drew a purse from under the clean pillow, and
He went up the stairs, puffing and muttering something. His coachman
He went up to the map and speaking rapidly began proving that no
He woke up and looked round for a while with a startled
Headquarters are so full of Germans that a Russian cannot exist and
Hearing that cry and seeing to whom it was addressed, Nesvitski
Hearing the yell the officer turned round, and at the same moment
Heat and drought had continued for more than three weeks. Each day
Helene for her part was sincerely delighted with Natasha and wished to
Helene had followed her and spoken laughingly of her brother's love,
Helene understood that the question was very simple and easy from
Helene welcomed Natasha delightedly and was loud in admiration of
Helene's box was filled and surrounded from the stalls by the most
Helene's face became terrible, she shrieked and sprang aside. His
Helene, and that thought both alarmed him, as if some obligation
Her eyes were smiling expectantly, her downy lip rose and remained
Her face suddenly flushed with reckless and joyous resolution. She
Her fate was decided and happily decided. But what her father had
Her father objected to this because he wanted a more distinguished and
Her persevering and patient love seemed completely to surround the
Her throat quivered with convulsive sobs and, afraid of weakening
Her tone was now querulous and her lip drawn up, giving her not a
Her voice broke, tears gushed from her eyes, and she turned
Her voice sounded so serious and so sad that the chirping of the
Her voice trembled, and she again nearly cried, but recovered and
Here Prince Hippolyte spluttered and burst out laughing long
Here!" exclaimed different voices; and the heavy breathing of the
Here, at the extreme left flank, Bennigsen talked a great deal and
Hickory." Nullifiers and less strenuous advocates of states' rights were
Highness says he will defend Moscow to the last drop of blood and is
Highness," and pointing to the Grand Duke who with his high
Hill was seeking permanent settlers who would produce, manufacture, and
Hilton's classical work--_Rest and Pain_. In this connection it must be
Hippolyte interrupted her with the words: "Le Roi de Prusse..." and
Hippolyte spluttered again, and amid his laughter said, "And you
Hippolyte's stupidest remarks came out clever and apt. Now
Hippolyte, and began looking through a lorgnette at his elevated legs.
His activity in Moscow was as amazing and as full of genius as
His capers reminded him of dancing, and looking at the child's round
His conversation with Count Rostopchin and the latter's tone of
His dressing gown was unfastened, his face red and distorted. He was
His efforts had not been in vain. The dinner, both the Lenten and
His every word and movement was described with ecstasy.
His face again resumed its former stiff and cold expression. But the
His face expressed entreaty, agitation, and ecstasy. Countess Mary
His face grew more and more animated. Only when a man was killed or
His face shone with self-satisfaction and pleasure.
His face suddenly softened and tears came into his eyes. With his
His head steward came to him at Orel and Pierre reckoned up with him
His health had to be bad for his place to be taken away and given to
His infinity, and all His mercy to one who is blind, or who shuts
His last days and hours passed in an ordinary and simple way. Both
His manner was not effusive. It seldom was; but he was glad, I think, to see me. With hardly a word spoken, but with a kindly eye, he waved me to an armchair, threw across his case of cigars, and indicated a spirit case and a gasogene in the corner. Then he stood before the fire and looked me over in his singular introspective fashion.
His pale waxen face was still freckled and his eyes were rolled
His part is not yet ended. The man who ten years before and a year
His physical strength and agility during the first days of his
His plate seemed to him not quite clean, and pointing to a spot he
His response was an instant veto. The battle was on and it raged with
His servants too--Terenty and Vaska--in their own way noticed the
His temperature rises to 100 o or 101 o F., and the pulse quickens to 100
His whole appearance and manner were suddenly transformed. He put on
His will. And His will is governed only by infinite love for us, and
His wrath, once expended, did not return, and blinking feebly he
History is the life of nations and of humanity. To seize and put
History of the United States_, Chaps. XXI, XXII, and XXIII.
History seems to assume that this force is self-evident and known to
Hollabrunn and have pursued ever since to this place. The position
Hollow viscera, like the oesophagus and urinary bladder, in so far
Holmes and I had listened spellbound to this extraordinary story. My friend rose now and paced up and down the room, his hands in his pockets, and an expression of the most profound gravity upon his face.
Holmes and I rushed out and round the angle of the house, with Toller hurrying behind us. There was the huge famished brute, its black muzzle buried in Rucastle's throat, while he writhed and screamed upon the ground. Running up, I blew its brains out, and it fell over with its keen white teeth still meeting in the great creases of his neck. With much labour we separated them and carried him, living but horribly mangled, into the house. We laid him upon the drawing-room sofa, and having dispatched the sobered Toller to bear the news to his wife, I did what I could to relieve his pain. We were all assembled round him when the door opened, and a tall, gaunt woman entered the room.
Holmes chuckled and wriggled in his chair, as was his habit when in high spirits. "It is a little off the beaten track, isn't it?" said he. "And now, Mr. Wilson, off you go at scratch and tell us all about yourself, your household, and the effect which this advertisement had upon your fortunes. You will first make a note, Doctor, of the paper and the date."
Holmes grinned at the last item. "Well," he said, "I say now, as I said then, that a man should keep his little brain-attic stocked with all the furniture that he is likely to use, and the rest he can put away in the lumber-room of his library, where he can get it if he wants it. Now, for such a case as the one which has been submitted to us to-night, we need certainly to muster all our resources. Kindly hand me down the letter K of the American Encyclopaedia which stands upon the shelf beside you. Thank you. Now let us consider the situation and see what may be deduced from it. In the first place, we may start with a strong presumption that Colonel Openshaw had some very strong reason for leaving America. Men at his time of life do not change all their habits and exchange willingly the charming climate of Florida for the lonely life of an English provincial town. His extreme love of solitude in England suggests the idea that he was in fear of someone or something, so we may assume as a working hypothesis th

Holmes had brought up a long thin cane, and this he placed upon the bed beside him. By it he laid the box of matches and the stump of a candle. Then he turned down the lamp, and we were left in darkness.
Holmes had sat up upon the couch, and I saw him motion like a man who is in need of air. A maid rushed across and threw open the window. At the same instant I saw him raise his hand and at the signal I tossed my rocket into the room with a cry of "Fire!" The word was no sooner out of my mouth than the whole crowd of spectators, well dressed and ill--gentlemen, ostlers, and servant maids--joined in a general shriek of "Fire!" Thick clouds of smoke curled through the room and out at the open window. I caught a glimpse of rushing figures, and a moment later the voice of Holmes from within assuring them that it was a false alarm. Slipping through the shouting crowd I made my way to the corner of the street, and in ten minutes was rejoiced to find my friend's arm in mine, and to get away from the scene of uproar. He walked swiftly and in silence for some few minutes until we had turned down one of the quiet streets which lead towards the Edgeware Road.
Holmes laughed softly to himself and stretched himself out upon the cushioned seat. "Both you and the coroner have been at some pains," said he, "to single out the very strongest points in the young man's favour. Don't you see that you alternately give him credit for having too much imagination and too little? Too little, if he could not invent a cause of quarrel which would give him the sympathy of the jury; too much, if he evolved from his own inner consciousness anything so outre as a dying reference to a rat, and the incident of the vanishing cloth. No, sir, I shall approach this case from the point of view that what this young man says is true, and we shall see whither that hypothesis will lead us. And now here is my pocket Petrarch, and not another word shall I say of this case until we are on the scene of action. We lunch at Swindon, and I see that we shall be there in twenty minutes."
Holmes moved the lamp, and we both bent over the sheet of paper, which showed by its ragged edge that it had indeed been torn from a book. It was headed, "March, 1869," and beneath were the following enigmatical notices:
Holmes rose and sat down at the table with his pen in his hand and a bundle of paper before him. "Just tell us the truth," he said. "I shall jot down the facts. You will sign it, and Watson here can witness it. Then I could produce your confession at the last extremity to save young McCarthy. I promise you that I shall not use it unless it is absolutely needed."
Holmes sat in his big armchair with the weary, heavy-lidded expression which veiled his keen and eager nature, while I sat opposite to him, and we listened in silence to the strange story which our visitor detailed to us.
Holmes scribbled a receipt upon a sheet of his note-book and handed it to him.
Holmes turned to his desk and, unlocking it, drew out a small case-book, which he consulted.
Holmes turned to the page indicated. "Here you are, 'Mrs. Oakshott, 117, Brixton Road, egg and poultry supplier.' "
Holy Mother keep you in their holy and all-powerful care!
Homestead Act; gold, silver, copper, coal and other minerals were
Hooker, and Peter Stuyvesant, using any good encyclopedia.
House of Representatives in 1878 and they carried a silver bill through
House of Representatives in March, 1868, and his acquittal by the Senate
Houston, and David Crockett.
How can I explain?... Well, say your father has a German valet, and he
How our hydraulic engineer had been conveyed from the garden to the spot where he recovered his senses might have remained forever a mystery were it not for the soft mould, which told us a very plain tale. He had evidently been carried down by two persons, one of whom had remarkably small feet and the other unusually large ones. On the whole, it was most probable that the silent Englishman, being less bold or less murderous than his companion, had assisted the woman to bear the unconscious man out of the way of danger.
How shall I ever forget that dreadful vigil? I could not hear a sound, not even the drawing of a breath, and yet I knew that my companion sat open-eyed, within a few feet of me, in the same state of nervous tension in which I was myself. The shutters cut off the least ray of light, and we waited in absolute darkness.
However often experiment and reasoning may show a man that under the
Hull to the British and the failure of the American invasion of Canada
Hume, the philosopher and historian, and Catherine Macaulay, an author
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Turkey. Collectively these great documents formed
Hunter's canal, and Matas' operation of aneurysmo-arteriorrhaphy. The
Huntington, Putnam, and Sargent, and the list of counties from which
Hurrah!" growing ever stronger and fuller and merging into a deafening
Hussars, ladies, witches, clowns, and bears, after clearing their
I am calm and contented now. Not at all as before."
I am going to bed with a happy and tranquil mind. Great God, help me
I am well and strong and still the same and in the same place. No,
I can't agree with you! To live only so as not to do evil and not to
I carefully examined the writing, and the paper upon which it was written.
I could see by his manner that he had stronger reasons for satisfaction than his words alone would imply. His eyes twinkled, and there was even a touch of colour upon his sallow cheeks. He hastened upstairs, and a few minutes later I heard the slam of the hall door, which told me that he was off once more upon his congenial hunt.
I could see that Holmes was favourably impressed by the manner and speech of his new client. He looked her over in his searching fashion, and then composed himself, with his lids drooping and his finger-tips together, to listen to her story.
I did not gain very much, however, by my inspection. Our visitor bore every mark of being an average commonplace British tradesman, obese, pompous, and slow. He wore rather baggy grey shepherd's check trousers, a not over-clean black frock-coat, unbuttoned in the front, and a drab waistcoat with a heavy brassy Albert chain, and a square pierced bit of metal dangling down as an ornament. A frayed top-hat and a faded brown overcoat with a wrinkled velvet collar lay upon a chair beside him. Altogether, look as I would, there was nothing remarkable about the man save his blazing red head, and the expression of extreme chagrin and discontent upon his features.
I did so, and saw a large "E" with a small "g," a "P," and a large "G" with a small "t" woven into the texture of the paper.
I don't want to have you like our silly ladies. Get used to it and
I dreamed that I was walking in the dark and was suddenly surrounded
I dreamed that Joseph Alexeevich was sitting in my house, and that I
I entered my consulting-room and found a gentleman seated by the table. He was quietly dressed in a suit of heather tweed with a soft cloth cap which he had laid down upon my books. Round one of his hands he had a handkerchief wrapped, which was mottled all over with bloodstains. He was young, not more than five-and-twenty, I should say, with a strong, masculine face; but he was exceedingly pale and gave me the impression of a man who was suffering from some strong agitation, which it took all his strength of mind to control.
I give this order in my brother's name; and tell them that what is
I grabbed him, like this." (He jumped up quickly and lightly.)
I had been delayed at a case, and it was a little after half-past six when I found myself in Baker Street once more. As I approached the house I saw a tall man in a Scotch bonnet with a coat which was buttoned up to his chin waiting outside in the bright semicircle which was thrown from the fanlight. Just as I arrived the door was opened, and we were shown up together to Holmes' room.
I had called upon my friend Sherlock Holmes upon the second morning after Christmas, with the intention of wishing him the compliments of the season. He was lounging upon the sofa in a purple dressing-gown, a pipe-rack within his reach upon the right, and a pile of crumpled morning papers, evidently newly studied, near at hand. Beside the couch was a wooden chair, and on the angle of the back hung a very seedy and disreputable hard-felt hat, much the worse for wear, and cracked in several places. A lens and a forceps lying upon the seat of the chair suggested that the hat had been suspended in this manner for the purpose of examination.
I had called upon my friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, one day in the autumn of last year and found him in deep conversation with a very stout, florid-faced, elderly gentleman with fiery red hair. With an apology for my intrusion, I was about to withdraw when Holmes pulled me abruptly into the room and closed the door behind me.
I had expected to see Sherlock Holmes impatient under this rambling and inconsequential narrative, but, on the contrary, he had listened with the greatest concentration of attention.
I had forgotten the strange pets which the doctor affected. There was a cheetah, too; perhaps we might find it upon our shoulders at any moment. I confess that I felt easier in my mind when, after following Holmes' example and slipping off my shoes, I found myself inside the bedroom. My companion noiselessly closed the shutters, moved the lamp onto the table, and cast his eyes round the room. All was as we had seen it in the daytime. Then creeping up to me and making a trumpet of his hand, he whispered into my ear again so gently that it was all that I could do to distinguish the words:
I had had so many reasons to believe in my friend's subtle powers of reasoning and extraordinary energy in action that I felt that he must have some solid grounds for the assured and easy demeanour with which he treated the singular mystery which he had been called upon to fathom. Once only had I known him to fail, in the case of the King of Bohemia and of the Irene Adler photograph; but when I looked back to the weird business of the Sign of Four, and the extraordinary circumstances connected with the Study in Scarlet, I felt that it would be a strange tangle indeed which he could not unravel.
I had never seen my friend's face so grim or his brow so dark as it was when we turned from the scene of this investigation. We had walked several times up and down the lawn, neither Miss Stoner nor myself liking to break in upon his thoughts before he roused himself from his reverie.
I had no keener pleasure than in following Holmes in his professional investigations, and in admiring the rapid deductions, as swift as intuitions, and yet always founded on a logical basis with which he unravelled the problems which were submitted to him. I rapidly threw on my clothes and was ready in a few minutes to accompany my friend down to the sitting-room. A lady dressed in black and heavily veiled, who had been sitting in the window, rose as we entered.
I had seen little of Holmes lately. My marriage had drifted us away from each other. My own complete happiness, and the home-centred interests which rise up around the man who first finds himself master of his own establishment, were sufficient to absorb all my attention, while Holmes, who loathed every form of society with his whole Bohemian soul, remained in our lodgings in Baker Street, buried among his old books, and alternating from week to week between cocaine and ambition, the drowsiness of the drug, and the fierce energy of his own keen nature. He was still, as ever, deeply attracted by the study of crime, and occupied his immense faculties and extraordinary powers of observation in following out those clues, and clearing up those mysteries which had been abandoned as hopeless by the official police. From time to time I heard some vague account of his doings: of his summons to Odessa in the case of the Trepoff murder, of his clearing up of the singular tragedy of the Atkinson brothers at Trincomalee,

I have five hundred and thirty thousand men this side of the
I have frightened you--sit down and tell me all the news."
I have had a long and instructive talk alone with Brother V., who
I have just returned from my benefactor, and hasten to write down
I have told you"; and not replying a word to Berg who was now mute
I must go there, Prince, and scare them a bit. It won't take a
I myself have experienced... and so... because... No, excuse me! An
I pity her mother," she went on; "today she showed me her accounts and
I pity, and for their sake I should like to liberate the serfs. You
I placed my revolver, cocked, upon the top of the wooden case behind which I crouched. Holmes shot the slide across the front of his lantern and left us in pitch darkness--such an absolute darkness as I have never before experienced. The smell of hot metal remained to assure us that the light was still there, ready to flash out at a moment's notice. To me, with my nerves worked up to a pitch of expectancy, there was something depressing and subduing in the sudden gloom, and in the cold dank air of the vault.
I rose to go, but Holmes caught me by the wrist and pushed me back into my chair. "It is both, or none," said he. "You may say before this gentleman anything which you may say to me."
I seated myself in his armchair and warmed my hands before his crackling fire, for a sharp frost had set in, and the windows were thick with the ice crystals. "I suppose," I remarked, "that, homely as it looks, this thing has some deadly story linked on to it--that it is the clue which will guide you in the solution of some mystery and the punishment of some crime."
I see those eyes!" thought Natasha. "And what do his father and sister
I shall do my duty. I will come and spend the night. He must not be
I slept at Baker Street that night, and we were engaged upon our toast and coffee in the morning when the King of Bohemia rushed into the room.
I smiled and shook my head. "I can quite understand your thinking so." I said. "Of course, in your position of unofficial adviser and helper to everybody who is absolutely puzzled, throughout three continents, you are brought in contact with all that is strange and bizarre. But here"--I picked up the morning paper from the ground--"let us put it to a practical test. Here is the first heading upon which I come. 'A husband's cruelty to his wife.' There is half a column of print, but I know without reading it that it is all perfectly familiar to me. There is, of course, the other woman, the drink, the push, the blow, the bruise, the sympathetic sister or landlady. The crudest of writers could invent nothing more crude."
I sponged the wound, cleaned it, dressed it, and finally covered it over with cotton wadding and carbolised bandages. He lay back without wincing, though he bit his lip from time to time.
I took a step forward. In an instant his strange headgear began to move, and there reared itself from among his hair the squat diamond-shaped head and puffed neck of a loathsome serpent.
I took it up and glanced at it. "Mr. Victor Hatherley, hydraulic engineer, 16A, Victoria Street (3rd floor)." That was the name, style, and abode of my morning visitor. "I regret that I have kept you waiting," said I, sitting down in my library-chair. "You are fresh from a night journey, I understand, which is in itself a monotonous occupation."
I took out my revolver and laid it on the corner of the table.
I took the paper from him and read as follows:
I trust that I am not more dense than my neighbours, but I was always oppressed with a sense of my own stupidity in my dealings with Sherlock Holmes. Here I had heard what he had heard, I had seen what he had seen, and yet from his words it was evident that he saw clearly not only what had happened but what was about to happen, while to me the whole business was still confused and grotesque. As I drove home to my house in Kensington I thought over it all, from the extraordinary story of the red-headed copier of the Encyclopaedia down to the visit to Saxe-Coburg Square, and the ominous words with which he had parted from me. What was this nocturnal expedition, and why should I go armed? Where were we going, and what were we to do? I had the hint from Holmes that this smooth-faced pawnbroker's assistant was a formidable man--a man who might play a deep game. I tried to puzzle it out, but gave it up in despair and set the matter aside until night should bring an explanation.
I waited until midnight, but there was no sign of his return, so I retired to my room. It was no uncommon thing for him to be away for days and nights on end when he was hot upon a scent, so that his lateness caused me no surprise. I do not know at what hour he came in, but when I came down to breakfast in the morning there he was with a cup of coffee in one hand and the paper in the other, as fresh and trim as possible.
I walked down the narrow passage between the double row of sleepers, holding my breath to keep out the vile, stupefying fumes of the drug, and looking about for the manager. As I passed the tall man who sat by the brazier I felt a sudden pluck at my skirt, and a low voice whispered, "Walk past me, and then look back at me." The words fell quite distinctly upon my ear. I glanced down. They could only have come from the old man at my side, and yet he sat now as absorbed as ever, very thin, very wrinkled, bent with age, an opium pipe dangling down from between his knees, as though it had dropped in sheer lassitude from his fingers. I took two steps forward and looked back. It took all my self-control to prevent me from breaking out into a cry of astonishment. He had turned his back so that none could see him but I. His form had filled out, his wrinkles were gone, the dull eyes had regained their fire, and there, sitting by the fire and grinning at my surprise, was none other than Sherlock Holmes. He made a slig

I walked down to the station with them, and then wandered through the streets of the little town, finally returning to the hotel, where I lay upon the sofa and tried to interest myself in a yellow-backed novel. The puny plot of the story was so thin, however, when compared to the deep mystery through which we were groping, and I found my attention wander so continually from the action to the fact, that I at last flung it across the room and gave myself up entirely to a consideration of the events of the day. Supposing that this unhappy young man's story were absolutely true, then what hellish thing, what absolutely unforeseen and extraordinary calamity could have occurred between the time when he parted from his father, and the moment when, drawn back by his screams, he rushed into the glade? It was something terrible and deadly. What could it be? Might not the nature of the injuries reveal something to my medical instincts? I rang the bell and called for the weekly county paper, which contained a verbatim a

I was deemed worthy to partake of the holy and heavenly sacrament at
I won't marry, but let him come if he enjoys it and I enjoy it."
I'll always thwash scoundwels... and I'll tell the Empewo'...
I'll come and sit with you at supper. We'll have another dispute. Make
I'll go to the general and ask him." He readjusted himself in the
I'll teach you to think!" and lifting his stick he swung it and
I'll warrant," said Shinshin, patting him on the shoulder and taking
I'll write to her myself, and we will kill the fatted calf."
I," and he raised his foot to the stirrup.
I.H. Harper, _Life and Work of Susan B. Anthony_.
I? What is life, and what is death? What power governs all?"
Idaho, Wyoming, Montana, Utah, Arizona, New Mexico, the Dakotas, and
If Jefferson could have lived to see the Stars and Stripes planted on
If an exact diagnosis is made at an early stage of the disease--and this
If he tried, his pictures seemed incongruous and false. It made him
If many simultaneously and variously directed forces act on a
If no complications supervene, the swelling subsides, and recovery may
If operative interference is called for, the cysts may be tapped and
If sepsis is already established, and evidence of general infection is
If the aim of the Russians consisted in cutting off and capturing
If the consciousness of freedom were not a separate and
If the disease is not arrested, there follow the symptoms and signs of
If the part is aseptic it shrivels, and presents the ordinary features
If the patient is placed on a couch and the limb elevated, the veins are
If the patient's health is below par, good nourishing food, tonics, and
If the purpose of food is nourishment and the purpose of marriage is
If the tuberculous abscess has burst and left a _sinus_, this is apt to
If the wound involves one of the extremities, it may be useful; and it
Ignat left off smiling, adjusted his belt, and went out of the
Illinois Central, failed to meet their obligations; banks and insurance
Illinois River and then turn up that stream with their cargoes to be
Illinois, Wisconsin, and Nebraska especially. He sent out agents to tell
Illinois, and the occasion for the deed was the demand for the
Ilya Rostov, laughing and repeating the words, "Make way, dear boy!
Ilyin put a few drops of rum into the bucket of water and brought it
Ilyin went out and Zdrzhinski rode away.
Immediately after greeting the count he went up to Natasha and
Imperial Russian army will be fully equipped, and shall then, in
Imperial horses and Ilya Ivanych. I don't think Ilya drives anyone
In #acquired syphilis#, at an early stage and before the skin eruptions
In #measles#, #diphtheria#, #smallpox#, #influenza#, and #dysentery#,
In 1789 a ferment arises in Paris; it grows, spreads, and is
In 1812 and 1813 Kutuzov was openly accused of blundering. The
In 1874 they captured the House of Representatives and declared war on
In 1910 the House of Representatives went to the Democrats and within
In April, Rostov was on orderly duty. One morning, between seven and
In Brunn everybody attached to the court was packing up, and the
In June, after many balls and fetes given by the Polish magnates, by
In Kiev Pierre found some people he knew, and strangers hastened
In Kudrino, from the Nikitski, Presnya, and Podnovinsk Streets
In October, 1805, a Russian army was occupying the villages and
In _arterial_ haemorrhage the blood is bright red in colour, and escapes
In _central sarcoma_ pain is the first symptom, and it is usually
In _gouty_ patients small ulcers which are exceedingly irritable and
In a corner of the room something red and tiny gave a grunt and
In a day or two we shall all have to take part in a greater and more
In a little while it was taken up in the streets and along the
In a moment the men came running gaily from their campfires and
In a single year there were schools, churches, business blocks, and
In addition to its tendency to infiltrate adjacent tissues and organs,
In addition to the business and professional classes, the mechanics of
In addition to vasomotor and trophic changes, there is often severe pain
In an hour, all the costumes were crumpled and disordered. The
In answer to the charges, remedies were proposed and adopted. Civil
In any case it is necessary to disinfect the track, and, it may be, to
In burned and devastated Moscow Pierre experienced almost the
In cases of _hysteria_ and other _functional affections of the
In certain cases, and particularly when there are destructive changes in
In certain diseases, such as rickets and inherited syphilis, and in
In children and women with delicate skin, applications of from ten to
In contrast with sapraemia and septicaemia, pyaemia is late of developing,
In course of time the collateral branches of the vessel above and below
In different races, localities, environment, and seasons, the pathogenic
In difficult cases the final appeal is to exploratory incision and
In doubtful cases, the diagnosis may be aided by the Wassermann test and
In front of the patella and its ligament is the _prepatellar bursa_,
In giving and accepting battle at Borodino, Kutuzov acted
In his veto message, Jackson attacked the bank as unconstitutional and
In its growth, a sarcoma compresses and destroys neighbouring parts,
In obstinate and severe cases the nerve may be _forcibly stretched_.
In old and debilitated patients the septic absorption taking place from
In order that the graft may survive and have a favourable chance of
In other cases the blood escapes beyond the sheath and collects in the
In other lines of industry, lumbering and cotton manufacturing took a
In quiet and untroubled times it seems to every administrator that
In railway enterprise the South took more interest than in canals, and
In severe cases, and especially when the vomited matter resembles
In short, foreign and intercolonial trade were subjected to a control
In spite of the many pills she swallowed and the drops and powders
In such cases one or more of the joints are usually implicated also, and
In ten minutes the table was ready and a napkin spread on it. On the
In the _Brain_, in the later periods of secondary and in tertiary
In the _tertiary stage_ the joint lesions are persistent and
In the acute form, the health suffers, there is fever, and the glands
In the damp chill air and crowded closeness of the swaying carriage,
In the employment of X-rays and of radium in the treatment of cancer,
In the end, American financial, naval, and military assistance counted
In the epiphysial cartilages and at the ossifying junctions, all the
In the evening Andrew and Pierre got into the open carriage and
In the evening, when Prince Andrew went to him and, trying to rouse
In the hall the porch door opened, and someone asked, "At home?" and
In the house that poetic dullness and quiet reigned which always
In the later stages of acquired syphilis, _gummatous periostitis and
In the lower extremity, a large number of normal and adventitious bursae
In the lung the fat collects in the minute blood vessels and produces
In the management of wounds and other diseased conditions the main
In the management of wounds and other surgical conditions it is
In the middle of their talk in the sitting room, Dimmler came in and
In the more severe injuries associated with fracture of the humerus and
In the neck, axilla, and pubes a diffuse overgrowth of the subcutaneous
In the night he called his valet and told him to pack up to go to
In the porch and in the yard the men whom Petya had armed with
In the presence of Tikhon and the doctor the women washed what had
In the rearguard, Dokhturov and others rallying some battalions kept
In the refreshment room and the hall, footmen were bustling about with
In the sciatica that results from neuritis and perineuritis, there is
In the second category Pierre reckoned himself and others like
In the shed everyone was ready, dressed, belted, shod, and only
In the summer of 1914, the dictator resigned and fled from the capital,
In the sunshine the air was warm, and that warmth was particularly
In the treatment of _iritis_ the eyes are shaded from the light and
In the village through which they passed there were red lights and a
In the winter of 1813 Nicholas married Princess Mary and moved to
In their childlike glee, aroused by the fire and their luck in
In their new, clean, and light study with its small busts and
In this gruesome business there lurked many tragedies, and very few
In time, the industrial North and the planting South evolved different
In town the earliest risers were just beginning to look sleepily from their windows as we drove through the streets of the Surrey side. Passing down the Waterloo Bridge Road we crossed over the river, and dashing up Wellington Street wheeled sharply to the right and found ourselves in Bow Street. Sherlock Holmes was well known to the force, and the two constables at the door saluted him. One of them held the horse's head while the other led us in.
In truth everything presented itself in a dark and gloomy light to
In young and debilitated subjects hot poultices may produce injuries of
Inasmuch as obliteration of the sac and the feeding artery is out of the
Independence of thought and action. They have felt the influence of
Indiana in fourteen passenger coaches, filled with men, women, and
Indianians drafted a constitution and inaugurated their government at
Indians, thus permitting them to become citizens and settle down among
Inhabitants of the city and villages, and you, workingmen and
Instantly his regret at not having been in action and his dejected
Instead of an enemy, Nicholas found in Ilagin a stately and
Instead of making the decision himself, however, and drawing up a
Instead of men endowed with divine authority and directly guided
Into the insignificant, trifling, and artificial interests uniting
Into the labor papers and platforms there sometimes crept a note of
Intriguer!" she hissed viciously, and tugged with all her might at the
Iowa, Wisconsin, and Illinois, enacted drastic laws prescribing the
Irish, and the Catholics of Maryland, fled from intolerant governments
Irving, William Cullen Bryant, Ralph Waldo Emerson, and George William
Is that what you're here for? Nothing's cleared away down there and
Is the movement of the Russian people eastward to Kazan and
It assumed the powers of a government and prepared to raise money, wage
It can't be helped!" said the count, shrugging his shoulders and
It had been raining since morning and had seemed as if at any moment
It had cleared in the morning, and the sun was shining with a subdued brightness through the dim veil which hangs over the great city. Sherlock Holmes was already at breakfast when I came down.
It has now become a fashion, sanctioned by wide usage and by eminent
It has the same characters and clinical features as the innocent
It having been decided to try and save the limb, the question is only
It is a frequent accompaniment and sometimes a cause of deformities, in
It is also known as _Ambrine_ and _Burnol_. After the burned area has
It is endemic in certain tropical countries, and is most frequently met
It is frequently met with on the face and head, but may occur on any
It is met with as a congenital affection in the tongue and lips, or it
It is natural that these and a countless and infinite quantity of
It is pulsatile, and a systolic bruit or a "thrilling" murmur may be
It is seldom advisable to wash out an abscess cavity, and squeezing out
It is to be borne in mind that in a certain proportion of men and in a
It might really have been that the hussar came for water and went back
It must seem to him that everyone is afraid of him, and that must
It presents so many features resembling syphilis and tubercle that it is
It really was Melyukovka, and maids and footmen with merry faces
It seemed so natural to Pierre that everyone should like him, and it
It seemed to Daniel irksome and improper to be in a room at all, but
It seemed to him that he was thinking of nothing, but far down and
It seems that it was. She had the surest information that of late he had, when the fit was on him, made use of an opium den in the farthest east of the City. Hitherto his orgies had always been confined to one day, and he had come back, twitching and shattered, in the evening. But now the spell had been upon him eight-and-forty hours, and he lay there, doubtless among the dregs of the docks, breathing in the poison or sleeping off the effects. There he was to be found, she was sure of it, at the Bar of Gold, in Upper Swandam Lane. But what was she to do? How could she, a young and timid woman, make her way into such a place and pluck her husband out from among the ruffians who surrounded him?
It was Dokhturov again whom they sent to Forminsk and from there
It was Kutuzov, who had been riding round the position and on his
It was St. Natalia's day and the name day of two of the Rostovs--the
It was a bitter night, so we drew on our ulsters and wrapped cravats about our throats. Outside, the stars were shining coldly in a cloudless sky, and the breath of the passers-by blew out into smoke like so many pistol shots. Our footfalls rang out crisply and loudly as we swung through the doctors' quarter, Wimpole Street, Harley Street, and so through Wigmore Street into Oxford Street. In a quarter of an hour we were in Bloomsbury at the Alpha Inn, which is a small public-house at the corner of one of the streets which runs down into Holborn. Holmes pushed open the door of the private bar and ordered two glasses of beer from the ruddy-faced, white-aproned landlord.
It was a cold morning of the early spring, and we sat after breakfast on either side of a cheery fire in the old room at Baker Street. A thick fog rolled down between the lines of dun-coloured houses, and the opposing windows loomed like dark, shapeless blurs through the heavy yellow wreaths. Our gas was lit and shone on the white cloth and glimmer of china and metal, for the table had not been cleared yet. Sherlock Holmes had been silent all the morning, dipping continuously into the advertisement columns of a succession of papers until at last, having apparently given up his search, he had emerged in no very sweet temper to lecture me upon my literary shortcomings.
It was a few weeks before my own marriage, during the days when I was still sharing rooms with Holmes in Baker Street, that he came home from an afternoon stroll to find a letter on the table waiting for him. I had remained indoors all day, for the weather had taken a sudden turn to rain, with high autumnal winds, and the Jezail bullet which I had brought back in one of my limbs as a relic of my Afghan campaign throbbed with dull persistence. With my body in one easy-chair and my legs upon another, I had surrounded myself with a cloud of newspapers until at last, saturated with the news of the day, I tossed them all aside and lay listless, watching the huge crest and monogram upon the envelope upon the table and wondering lazily who my friend's noble correspondent could be.
It was a fine day, sunny after rain, and the air was unusually pure.
It was a gay and brilliant fete. Connoisseurs of such matters
It was a quarter past six when we left Baker Street, and it still wanted ten minutes to the hour when we found ourselves in Serpentine Avenue. It was already dusk, and the lamps were just being lighted as we paced up and down in front of Briony Lodge, waiting for the coming of its occupant. The house was just such as I had pictured it from Sherlock Holmes' succinct description, but the locality appeared to be less private than I expected. On the contrary, for a small street in a quiet neighbourhood, it was remarkably animated. There was a group of shabbily dressed men smoking and laughing in a corner, a scissors-grinder with his wheel, two guardsmen who were flirting with a nurse-girl, and several well-dressed young men who were lounging up and down with cigars in their mouths.
It was a quarter-past nine when I started from home and made my way across the Park, and so through Oxford Street to Baker Street. Two hansoms were standing at the door, and as I entered the passage I heard the sound of voices from above. On entering his room, I found Holmes in animated conversation with two men, one of whom I recognised as Peter Jones, the official police agent, while the other was a long, thin, sad-faced man, with a very shiny hat and oppressively respectable frock-coat.
It was a singular sight which met our eyes. On the table stood a dark-lantern with the shutter half open, throwing a brilliant beam of light upon the iron safe, the door of which was ajar. Beside this table, on the wooden chair, sat Dr. Grimesby Roylott clad in a long grey dressing-gown, his bare ankles protruding beneath, and his feet thrust into red heelless Turkish slippers. Across his lap lay the short stock with the long lash which we had noticed during the day. His chin was cocked upward and his eyes were fixed in a dreadful, rigid stare at the corner of the ceiling. Round his brow he had a peculiar yellow band, with brownish speckles, which seemed to be bound tightly round his head. As we entered he made neither sound nor motion.
It was a war for a great cause, the end of uncertainties and the
It was a warm rainy autumn day. The sky and the horizon were both
It was a weary and famished, but still a fighting and menacing army.
It was about ten minutes before we regained our cab and drove back into Ross, Holmes still carrying with him the stone which he had picked up in the wood.
It was after five o'clock when Sherlock Holmes left me, but I had no time to be lonely, for within an hour there arrived a confectioner's man with a very large flat box. This he unpacked with the help of a youth whom he had brought with him, and presently, to my very great astonishment, a quite epicurean little cold supper began to be laid out upon our humble lodging-house mahogany. There were a couple of brace of cold woodcock, a pheasant, a pate de foie gras pie with a group of ancient and cobwebby bottles. Having laid out all these luxuries, my two visitors vanished away, like the genii of the Arabian Nights, with no explanation save that the things had been paid for and were ordered to this address.
It was already dark, and Pierre could not make out whether the
It was already growing dusk when Denisov, Petya, and the esaul
It was an old rickety door and gave at once before our united strength. Together we rushed into the room. It was empty. There was no furniture save a little pallet bed, a small table, and a basketful of linen. The skylight above was open, and the prisoner gone.
It was becoming more and more dangerous to remain at Bald Hills, and
It was clear and frosty. Above the dirty, ill-lit streets, above the
It was close upon four before the door opened, and a drunken-looking groom, ill-kempt and side-whiskered, with an inflamed face and disreputable clothes, walked into the room. Accustomed as I was to my friend's amazing powers in the use of disguises, I had to look three times before I was certain that it was indeed he. With a nod he vanished into the bedroom, whence he emerged in five minutes tweed-suited and respectable, as of old. Putting his hands into his pockets, he stretched out his legs in front of the fire and laughed heartily for some minutes.
It was dated from Montague Place upon the preceding evening, and ran thus:
It was difficult to refuse any of Sherlock Holmes' requests, for they were always so exceedingly definite, and put forward with such a quiet air of mastery. I felt, however, that when Whitney was once confined in the cab my mission was practically accomplished; and for the rest, I could not wish anything better than to be associated with my friend in one of those singular adventures which were the normal condition of his existence. In a few minutes I had written my note, paid Whitney's bill, led him out to the cab, and seen him driven through the darkness. In a very short time a decrepit figure had emerged from the opium den, and I was walking down the street with Sherlock Holmes. For two streets he shuffled along with a bent back and an uncertain foot. Then, glancing quickly round, he straightened himself out and burst into a hearty fit of laughter.
It was evident that he did not like the vicomte and was aiming his
It was getting dusk when Prince Andrew and Pierre drove up to the
It was in July, 1805, and the speaker was the well-known Anna
It was in the latter days of September, and the equinoctial gales had set in with exceptional violence. All day the wind had screamed and the rain had beaten against the windows, so that even here in the heart of great, hand-made London we were forced to raise our minds for the instant from the routine of life and to recognise the presence of those great elemental forces which shriek at mankind through the bars of his civilisation, like untamed beasts in a cage. As evening drew in, the storm grew higher and louder, and the wind cried and sobbed like a child in the chimney. Sherlock Holmes sat moodily at one side of the fireplace cross-indexing his records of crime, while I at the other was deep in one of Clark Russell's fine sea-stories until the howl of the gale from without seemed to blend with the text, and the splash of the rain to lengthen out into the long swash of the sea waves. My wife was on a visit to her mother's, and for a few days I was a dweller once more in my old quarters at Baker Street.
It was in the summer of '89, not long after my marriage, that the events occurred which I am now about to summarise. I had returned to civil practice and had finally abandoned Holmes in his Baker Street rooms, although I continually visited him and occasionally even persuaded him to forgo his Bohemian habits so far as to come and visit us. My practice had steadily increased, and as I happened to live at no very great distance from Paddington Station, I got a few patients from among the officials. One of these, whom I had cured of a painful and lingering disease, was never weary of advertising my virtues and of endeavouring to send me on every sufferer over whom he might have any influence.
It was indeed our visitor of the afternoon who came bustling in, dangling his glasses more vigorously than ever, and with a very perturbed expression upon his aristocratic features.
It was nearly four o'clock when we at last, after passing through the beautiful Stroud Valley, and over the broad gleaming Severn, found ourselves at the pretty little country-town of Ross. A lean, ferret-like man, furtive and sly-looking, was waiting for us upon the platform. In spite of the light brown dustcoat and leather-leggings which he wore in deference to his rustic surroundings, I had no difficulty in recognising Lestrade, of Scotland Yard. With him we drove to the Hereford Arms where a room had already been engaged for us.
It was not the dress, but the face and whole figure of Princess Mary
It was not very long before my friend's prediction was fulfilled. A fortnight went by, during which I frequently found my thoughts turning in her direction and wondering what strange side-alley of human experience this lonely woman had strayed into. The unusual salary, the curious conditions, the light duties, all pointed to something abnormal, though whether a fad or a plot, or whether the man were a philanthropist or a villain, it was quite beyond my powers to determine. As to Holmes, I observed that he sat frequently for half an hour on end, with knitted brows and an abstracted air, but he swept the matter away with a wave of his hand when I mentioned it. "Data! data! data!" he cried impatiently. "I can't make bricks without clay." And yet he would always wind up by muttering that no sister of his should ever have accepted such a situation.
It was obvious to me that my companion's mind was now made up about the case, although what his conclusions were was more than I could even dimly imagine. Several times during our homeward journey I endeavoured to sound him upon the point, but he always glided away to some other topic, until at last I gave it over in despair. It was not yet three when we found ourselves in our rooms once more. He hurried to his chamber and was down again in a few minutes dressed as a common loafer. With his collar turned up, his shiny, seedy coat, his red cravat, and his worn boots, he was a perfect sample of the class.
It was only by the keener wind that met them and the jerks given
It was plain that the Russian nest was ruined and destroyed, but
It was pleasant and touching to see these little girls in love;
It was the banks that undertook to sell the stocks and bonds issued by
It was true that a view over nearly the whole Russian position and
It was useless, however. He was off in one of those hysterical outbursts which come upon a strong nature when some great crisis is over and gone. Presently he came to himself once more, very weary and pale-looking.
It was, indeed, our friend the financier. I was shocked by the change which had come over him, for his face which was naturally of a broad and massive mould, was now pinched and fallen in, while his hair seemed to me at least a shade whiter. He entered with a weariness and lethargy which was even more painful than his violence of the morning before, and he dropped heavily into the armchair which I pushed forward for him.
It would be difficult to explain why and whither ants whose heap has
It's all rubbish! I saw chivalry and flags of truce in 1805; they
It's like a portable house.... That fellow's dropped his sack and
Italian's face instantly changed and assumed an offensively
Italy. "I must use my freedom while I feel so much strength and
Its disappearance, however, was but momentary. With a rending, tearing sound, one of the broad, white stones turned over upon its side and left a square, gaping hole, through which streamed the light of a lantern. Over the edge there peeped a clean-cut, boyish face, which looked keenly about it, and then, with a hand on either side of the aperture, drew itself shoulder-high and waist-high, until one knee rested upon the edge. In another instant he stood at the side of the hole and was hauling after him a companion, lithe and small like himself, with a pale face and a shock of very red hair.
Its rarity and its mildness may be related as cause and effect, because
Ivan and Countess Mary Alexeevna.
Ivanovich and now for Tikhon or Dron. Dunyasha, the nurse, and the
Ivanovich, bringing the letter and a plan. These he put down beside
Ivanovna did, by going to church every day for a week and not once
Ivanovna, the buffoon. Something stood sentinel within her and forbade
J. Fiske, _Old Virginia and Her Neighbors_ (2 vols.).
J. Winsor, _The Mississippi Valley_ and _Cartier to Frontenac_.
J.B. Bishop, _Theodore Roosevelt and His Time_ (2 vols.).
J.F. Rhodes, _History of the United States_, Vols. I and II.
J.F. Rhodes, _History of the United States_, Vols. III, IV, and V.
J.G. Brooks, _American Syndicalism_ and _Social Unrest_.
J.H. Latane, _The United States and Spanish America_.
J.K. Hosmer, _The Appeal to Arms_ and _The Outcome of the Civil War_
J.R. Commons and Associates, _History of Labor in the United States_ (2
JOHNSON, A. _Union and Democracy_
Jackdaw, go and fetch some wood!" said he to another soldier.
Jackson a deep and exasperated opposition. The truth is the conduct of
Jackson had misgivings on this question and awakened sharp criticism by
James McCarthy was acquitted at the Assizes on the strength of a number of objections which had been drawn out by Holmes and submitted to the defending counsel. Old Turner lived for seven months after our interview, but he is now dead; and there is every prospect that the son and daughter may come to live happily together in ignorance of the black cloud which rests upon their past.
Jamestown settlers, launched a general massacre; and in 1644 he
January, 1830, set forth clearly and cogently the doctrine that the
Japan had five delegates each. Belgium, Brazil, and Serbia were each
Japanese citizens in the United States, and the government at Tokyo
Jay treaty as a rebuke to France and a flagrant violation of obligations
Jefferson Davis, _Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government_.
Jefferson and Madison once had condemned as unsound and
Jefferson and the Anti-Federalists, whom he charged with spreading false
Jefferson had entertained doubts about it and Monroe, destined to be the
Jefferson proposed and Congress adopted in December, 1807, the Embargo
Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe--all Eastern men brought up in prosperous
Jefferson, and Albert Gallatin.
Jefferson, and Monroe, and army officers, like Lee and Steuben, with
Jefferson; and, long after the author of the Declaration of Independence
Jena, Austerlitz, Wagram, and so on. But now something strange was
Jersey unanimously and Pennsylvania after a short, though savage,
Jersey, organized in 1746 and removed to Princeton eleven years later,
Jewish colonies, consisting principally of merchants and their families,
John Adams and Josiah Quincy, who as lawyers thought even the worst
John Bright--and for the victories of Vicksburg and Gettysburg, both
John Quincy Adams, formed a bridge between the old and the new in that
Johnston, Bragg, Pemberton, and Hood, the union forces in the East
Joint lesions are comparatively common in #scarlet fever#, and were
Joseph Alexeevich condemned my speech and my whole activity, and in
Joseph G. Cannon, and other members of the "old guard," as they named
Julie Karagina, the daughter of excellent and virtuous parents, a girl
Julie was offended and replied that it was true that a woman needs
Julie was preparing to leave Moscow next day and was giving a
Just as "Uncle's" pickled mushrooms, honey, and cherry brandy had
Just as Prince Andrew met Nesvitski and Zherkov, there came toward
Just as horses shy and snort and gather about a dead horse, so the
Just as in a dream when all is uncertain, unreasoning, and
Just as prolonged and stubborn is the struggle now proceeding
Just as the mother and son, having reached the middle of the hall,
Just then a closed carriage and another with a hood drove up to
Just then the last chords of the overture were heard and the
Kaluga road turns near Neskuchny, endless rows of troops and carts
Kamenski." This song had been composed in the Turkish campaign and now
Kansas, and Arizona in 1912, Nevada and Montana in 1914 by popular vote
Karataev God was greater, more infinite and unfathomable than in the
Karataev has spread out and disappeared. Do you understand, my child?"
Karataev paused, smiling joyously as he gazed into the fire, and
Karataev smiled thoughtfully and was silent awhile looking at the
Karataev's advice he tied with string round the ankles for warmth, and
Karataev, on account of the warm weather and for convenience at
Karl Geiser, _Redemptioners and Indentured Servants_ (Yale Review, X,
Keep calm, I will call again tomorrow," said Metivier; and putting his
Kendall, this informal gathering of the faithful both gave and carried
Kentucky and Tennessee. Thrifty Germans from Pennsylvania, hardy farmers
Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions and for the members of the Hartford
Kentucky loved him; financiers of New York and Philadelphia trusted him.
Kentucky, as well as upper Georgia and Alabama, and all throughout the
Kentucky, forced the evacuation of Nashville, and opened the way for two
Kiev catacombs came to him and said, 'Believe in me and I will make
King George and another to the people of England, disavowing the idea of
King George's statue, and "crammed stamps down the throats of
Kitty Odyntsova had married an old man, and that there was a suitor
Knee and on both Thumbs of woman aet. 37.]
Knee-joint and Semi-membranosus Bursa in a man aet. 38.
Kolocha and Moskva rivers--was broken and hilly. Between the hollows
Konovnitsyn, and Bolkhovitinov.
Konovnitsyn, and Ermolov received fresh appointments. Everyone spoke
Konovnitsyn, and Toll that the movement that had miscarried should
Kozlovski scanned the ranks resolutely and included Rostov in his
Kremlin and that tomorrow everyone would be sent out beyond the
Kremlin, and was now sitting in a very gloomy frame of mind in a royal
Kremlin, the less he remembered to walk with the sedateness and
Kremlin, were thronging the Moskva and the Stone bridges, a great many
Krems, Napoleon's army of one hundred and fifty thousand men would cut
Kuragin asked her opinion of the performance and told her how at a
Kutuzov alone used all his power (and such power is very limited
Kutuzov alone would not see this and openly expressed his opinion
Kutuzov and his suite were returning to the town. The commander in
Kutuzov ceased chewing and fixed an astonished gaze on Wolzogen,
Kutuzov felt and knew--not by reasoning or science but with the
Kutuzov groaned and swayed his head.
Kutuzov here woke up, coughed heavily, and looked round at the
Kutuzov looked at him with eyes wide open with dismay and then
Kutuzov looked long and intently at these two soldiers. He
Kutuzov looked sternly at his adjutant and, after a pause,
Kutuzov made a grimace and sent an order to Dokhturov to take over
Kutuzov raised his head and looked for a long while into the eyes of
Kutuzov reproved him for it and feared to send him to the front, and
Kutuzov sat up with one leg hanging down from the bed and his big
Kutuzov seemed preoccupied and did not listen to what the general
Kutuzov sighed deeply on finishing this paragraph and looked at
Kutuzov turned round without answering and his eye happened to
Kutuzov walked slowly and languidly past thousands of eyes which
Kutuzov was chewing a piece of roast chicken with difficulty and
Kutuzov was more at ease as to the possibility of himself and his
Kutuzov with his staff and all of us count for nothing. Everything
Kutuzov writes..." and he screamed as piercingly as if he wished to
Kutuzov's groom leading horses in horsecloths. Then came a cart, and
Kutuzov's party and that of Bennigsen, the chief of staff. Boris
Kutuzov's place was taken by a new and necessary performer.
Kutuzov's, collected in groups and began to talk about the awards,
Kutuzov, Count Rostopchin had returned to Moscow mortified and
Kutuzov, guessing by the sounds of the battle and by Scherbinin's
Kutuzov, where he inquired for Bolkonski, all the adjutants and even
Kutuzov; and how they would make suggestions, quarrel, issue orders,
Kuzminichna, raising her arm threateningly. "Go and get the samovar to
L.S. Rowe, _The United States and Porto Rico_.
Labor accepted the modern industrial system and, by organization within
Labor leaders turned to a task which seemed more substantial and
Labor, declared that "this is labor's war," and pledged the united
Larger ships carried the grain, live stock, cloth, and hardware of New
Lastly, Poncet and other members of the Lyons school regard arthritis
Lastly, the dissemination may be universal throughout the body, and this
Later he attached himself to Jefferson's fortunes and served for eight
Lavrushka noticed this and to entertain him further, pretending
Lavrushka turned all the bedding over, looked under the bed and
Lavrushka who had just returned from captivity and by an hussar
Lavrushka, having got drunk the day before and left his master
Lavrushka, however, ran up to Karp and seized him by the arms from
Laws were made one year only to be repealed the next and reenacted the
Lazarev sat in the place of honor. Russian and French officers
Lead and opium lotion is a useful, soothing application employed as a
League of Nations and the clear definition of its objects must be a
Legal Code, and how painstakingly he had translated the articles of
Leppich's balloon and other articles removed?" "To leave the town
Less frequently the maxilla becomes affected, and the disease may spread
Lestrade laughed indulgently. "You have, no doubt, already formed your conclusions from the newspapers," he said. "The case is as plain as a pikestaff, and the more one goes into it the plainer it becomes. Still, of course, one can't refuse a lady, and such a very positive one, too. She has heard of you, and would have your opinion, though I repeatedly told her that there was nothing which you could do which I had not already done. Why, bless my soul! here is her carriage at the door."
Lestrade looked sadly at my companion. Then he turned to me, tapped his forehead three times, shook his head solemnly, and hurried away.
Lestrade rose in his triumph and bent his head to look. "Why," he shrieked, "you're looking at the wrong side!"
Lestrade shrugged his shoulders. "I am a practical man," he said, "and I really cannot undertake to go about the country looking for a left-handed gentleman with a game leg. I should become the laughing-stock of Scotland Yard."
Leucocytosis is met with in nearly all acute infective diseases, and in
Lewis and Clark expedition, 193
Lewis and Clark; when published even in a short form, it invited the
Lexington, on April 19, 1775, and closed with the surrender of
Liberty operated in the streets and chose rougher measures. They stirred
Lightly swaying on the flexible springs of his carriage and no
Like his horse, which turned its head and laid its ears back, he
Likhachev got up, rummaged in his pack, and soon Petya heard the
Lincoln and Douglas, both candidates for the United States Senate. In
Lincoln and his Cabinet in unsparing terms. Vallandigham, a Democratic
Lincoln, Garfield, and McKinley, three of the gentlest of men, all risen
Little Nicholas and his education, her brother Andrew, and
Little Tushin, moving feebly and awkwardly, kept telling his orderly
Livingstons and Lows of New York. In their zeal and enterprise, they
Loaded carts stood at the house next to Ferapontov's and women were
Localised tenderness is elicited on pressure, and there is slight
London and Paris respectively. This was a clear violation of the right
London--could pronounce Pitt's sentence, he saw a well-built and
Longitudinal wounds show little tendency to gape, and are therefore not
Look at those cramped dead firs, ever the same, and at me too,
Lopukhin and the old general occasionally took part in the
Lord St. Simon had by no means relaxed his rigid attitude, but had listened with a frowning brow and a compressed lip to this long narrative.
Lord St. Simon sank into a chair and passed his hand over his forehead.
Lord St. Simon shook his head. "I am afraid that it will take wiser heads than yours or mine," he remarked, and bowing in a stately, old-fashioned manner he departed.
Lord St. Simon shrugged his shoulders and raised his eyebrows. "We have been on a friendly footing for some years--I may say on a very friendly footing. She used to be at the Allegro. I have not treated her ungenerously, and she had no just cause of complaint against me, but you know what women are, Mr. Holmes. Flora was a dear little thing, but exceedingly hot-headed and devotedly attached to me. She wrote me dreadful letters when she heard that I was about to be married, and, to tell the truth, the reason why I had the marriage celebrated so quietly was that I feared lest there might be a scandal in the church. She came to Mr. Doran's door just after we returned, and she endeavoured to push her way in, uttering very abusive expressions towards my wife, and even threatening her, but I had foreseen the possibility of something of the sort, and I had two police fellows there in private clothes, who soon pushed her out again. She was quiet when she saw that there was no good in making a row."
Lord!" and he wept.
Lord!..." and again she began to sob. "My child, my dear one!
Louisa Ivanovna consented to go, and in half an hour four troyka
Louisiana, Isle Royale, Acadia, and Senegal." Equally successful in
Louisiana. Frightened at such enterprises and fearing the dominance of
Louisville, St. Louis, Detroit, and Chicago in the West, naturally
Lowell, himself a Republican and for a time American ambassador to
Lymph vessels are divided in all wounds, and the lymph that escapes from
Macdonald, pp. 176-183; and (3) the Declaration of Independence.
Mack, the news of his defeat, and the thought of what lay before the
Madame Schoss, but perhaps it's not, and this Circassian with the
Madame de Genlis and nothing more" (this nickname, bestowed on Vera by
Mademoiselle Bourienne also shared them and even Princess Mary felt
Mademoiselle Bourienne and had read the note to Princess Mary in which
Mademoiselle Bourienne and the little princess had to own to
Mademoiselle Bourienne aroused her. She raised her eyes, and two steps
Mademoiselle Bourienne at once began crying again and kissed that
Mademoiselle Bourienne flushed, and gave the princess a frightened
Mademoiselle Bourienne rapidly, in her pleasant mellow tones and
Mademoiselle Bourienne walked up and down the conservatory for a
Mademoiselle Bourienne, and evidently unconscious of what she was
Mademoiselle Bourienne, with her ribbon and pretty face, and her
Mademoiselle George looked sternly and gloomily at the audience
Mademoiselle George, with her bare, fat, dimpled arms, and a red
Madison proposed, and the first Congress adopted, a series of amendments
Madison set aside his scruples and signed the bill.
Madison was president and Henry Clay vice president of such an
Madmoiselle Bourienne, and the architect; to the other Princess
Maine; he had a majority of the electors in New York and all of them in
Majesty's and you were pitied...."
Majesty's government disclaimed any responsibility for the losses and
Majesty--to let us know the number of our troops and the position in
Major Basov; the tipsy officers tossed, embraced, and dropped
Malasha's, and the expression of his eyes caused the little girl to
Malignant tumours grow more rapidly than innocent tumours, and tend to
Malo-Yaroslavets, but Kutuzov lingered with the main army and gave
Malvintseva and, after discussing her plan with the aunt, remarked
Malvintseva had evidently not liked, and having asked what Nicholas
Mamma, and that I was ungrateful, and that Mamma would never allow him
Man is the creation of an all-powerful, all-good, and all-seeing
Man's actions proceed from his innate character and the motives
Many forms are motile--some in virtue of fine thread-like flagella, and
Marbury case and the state legislatures in a score of cases, Marshall
Markov immediately dropped his own beside it and picked it up
Marquette, and La Salle had passed forever to the United States.
Marshal Kamenski, visited the English Club, and was on intimate
Marshall_. Then he answers: "George Washington and he alone. Had he
Martineau. She saw all parts of the country, the homes of the rich and
Mary Alexeevna had sent greetings and still thought of them, and other
Mary Hendrikhovna assented and began looking for the spoon which
Mary and Natasha understood that) but simply because he thought it was
Mary and the old prince, and a fear and anxiety of which she did not
Mary and, spreading out before him the plan of the new building and
Mary by affection, learned to love her past too and to understand a
Mary dreamed of happiness and of children, but her strongest, most
Mary had turned toward her brother, and through her tears the
Mary to be gentle and kind to his cousin. She thoroughly realized
Mary was asked to play on the clavichord. Anatole, laughing and in
Mary was still looking silently at her brother and her beautiful
Mary's character with an observation unusual to him, and everything
Mary, Dessalles, little Nicholas, and all the old nurses and maids.
Mary, and above all to himself, a secret of which he himself had
Mary, and in her lovely eyes there was a look of fearful joy and
Mary, listening to Natasha's tales of childhood and early youth, there
Marya Dmitrievna and the countess burst out laughing, and all the
Marya Dmitrievna came back to dinner taciturn and serious, having
Marya Dmitrievna found expression only in her more and more beaming
Marya Dmitrievna liked Sundays and knew how to keep them. Her
Marya Ignatevna Peronskaya, a thin and shallow maid of honor at
Mason, whose words struck Pierre more and more by their precision
Masons, and leaving large sums of money with them for alms, went
Massachusetts multiplied and it became impossible for all the members of
Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Virginia had, under their charters,
Massage, passive movement, hot and cold douching, and other measures,
Matas' operation and ligation of the external iliac.
Matrena Matrevna and ask her for the sable cloak. I have heard what
Matrena, and wrapped her up in it.
Mavra Kuzminichna flicked the dust off the clavichord and closed it,
Mavra Kuzminichna grew abashed and confused. The officer did not
Mavra Kuzminichna opened the gate and an officer of eighteen, with
Mavra Kuzminichna, and Vasilich came into the drawing room and, having
Mayflower Compact, the Fundamental Orders of Connecticut and the
McKinley received 271 of the 447 electoral votes, and 7,111,000 popular
Meade--was tried and found wanting. None of them could administer a
Meanwhile Kutuzov had reached the village and seated himself in
Meanwhile Nesvitski, Zherkov, and the officer of the suite were
Meanwhile the process spreads inside the mouth, and the gums, the floor
Meanwhile women were entering nearly every branch of industry and
Meanwhile, Mavra Kuzminichna was attentively and sympathetically
Meanwhile, Petya, having found and seized the sabers in the outer
Meanwhile, however, Virginia, after a long and searching debate, had
Meinen lately. He is an aide-de-camp of Kutuzov's and will be here
Melanin pigment is formed in relation to the cells and stroma of certain
Melk; but despite the courage and endurance--acknowledged even by
Melyukova was a widow, who, with her family and their tutors and
Melyukovka? Heaven only knows where we are going, and heaven knows
Men in military uniforms and Hessian boots could be seen through the
Mexico and the United States by drawing a line from the mouth of the
Mexico now slid down the path to disorder. Revolutions and civil
Mexico, the Red River, and the Spanish country. French boatmen and
Mexico. They crossed the trackless plain and desert, laying out trails
Mexico: and Texas, 278ff.
Michael Ivanovich did not at all know when "you and I" had said such
Michael Ivanovich rose and went to the study. But as soon as he
Michael Ivanovich went up to the plan, and the prince after speaking
Michael S. Hart.  Project Gutenberg is a TradeMark and may not be
Michael S. Hart.  Project Gutenberg is a TradeMark and may not be
Michigan in 1855; Baker University in Kansas in 1858; and the University
Michigan, and Maryland, the last approving the referendum only.
Middle West and the South, responding to his call, went to the Western
Mikhaylovich Volkonski and Baron Stein, and the door closed behind
Mikhaylovna Drubetskaya. Rostov, the father, is Ilya, and his son is
Mikhaylovna and snatching the portfolio from her.
Mikhaylovna and, dashing at her, flung herself on her neck as soon
Mikhaylovna returned to Moscow and went straight to her rich
Mikhaylovna returned to the Rostovs' and went to bed. On waking in the
Mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent
Mikhaylovna," said Prince Vasili, arranging his lace frill, and in
Milan?" asked Anna Pavlovna, "and of the comedy of the people of Genoa
Militiamen and recruits were being enrolled in the villages, and
Milka would immediately pounce on the hare, but she overtook him and
Miloradovich wheeled his horse sharply and stationed himself a
Milwaukee, a center for lumber and grain transport and a place of entry
Minister of War and went to join the army in Moldavia. While in
Minnesingers has remained the history of Godfreys and Minnesingers,
Minnesota and the Eastern states, Scandinavians, Germans, and Canadians,
Miss Stoner did so, and Holmes, after a careful examination through the open window, endeavoured in every way to force the shutter open, but without success. There was no slit through which a knife could be passed to raise the bar. Then with his lens he tested the hinges, but they were of solid iron, built firmly into the massive masonry. "Hum!" said he, scratching his chin in some perplexity, "my theory certainly presents some difficulties. No one could pass these shutters if they were bolted. Well, we shall see if the inside throws any light upon the matter."
Mississippi River, and West, 189f.
Mississippi and on both banks of the Missouri to the uttermost limits of
Mississippi, driven out by the onrush of the planters buying and
Missouri Valley and across the Great Divide to the Pacific. The story of
Missouri country. Peoples from the North and South flowed together,
Missouri, Iowa, Oklahoma, Kansas, Nebraska, South Dakota, and large
Mitenka flew headlong down the six steps and ran away into the
Mitenka's wife and sisters-in-law thrust their heads and
Moldavia and Wallachia; I would have given your sovereign those
Momentum (quantity of motion) is the product of mass and velocity.
Monmouth, and the inclosure of the British in New York by deploying
Monroe, to France with the power to buy New Orleans and West Florida.
Monsieur Buonaparte sitting on a throne and granting the petitions
Monsieur Magnitski," he said, fully articulating every word and
Monsieur Schelling, Madame Schoss, and his old nurse, and asked them
Montreal and Upper Canada at your feet." The latter with a light heart
More than two hours passed and Gerasim took the liberty of making
Morel, a short sturdy Frenchman with inflamed and streaming eyes,
Moreover the migration to the North and West, which had formerly carried
Moreover, as increases in wages and reductions in hours often added
Moreover, he was from the East and the frontiersmen of the West regarded
Morning came with its cares and bustle. Everyone got up and began to
Mortier and his one division, and even then Mortier slips through your
Moscow and Petersburg, came to see him. Berg arrived in an
Moscow and go nowhere? No, I won't let you off! Mademoiselle George
Moscow and now repudiated the deed; now ordered the people to catch
Moscow and questioned Balashev about the Russian capital, not merely
Moscow and that they must retreat, Kutuzov looked at him in silence.
Moscow and women with children who were with the French transport,
Moscow and would even have considered such a very free and easy manner
Moscow any day, the trousseau had to be ordered and the estate near
Moscow because he wished to and because he was very clever and a
Moscow he felt at peace, at home, warm and dirty as in an old dressing
Moscow he suddenly came to and, lifting his head with an effort,
Moscow property--and the countess' repeatedly expressed wish that
Moscow theater, Berg had pointed out Vera Rostova to him and had
Moscow to Bald Hills, while he himself needed no one and nothing. He
Moscow was burning. The count donned his dressing gown and went out to
Moscow when Boris was a boy of fourteen, and had quite forgotten
Moscow, Kutuzov got out of his carriage and sat down on a bench by the
Moscow, and both parents gladly accepted this offer, for they saw
Moscow, and now wrote French verses in albums concerning his share
Moscow, and of course in the Karagins' drawing room, and Julie,
Moscow, and of how some German fellow had been brought to Rostopchin
Moscow, and that as the only remaining choice was between losing the
Moscow, and that he had abandoned everything and not left the city,
Moscow, and the Emperor Alexander, helped by the advice of Stein and
Moscow, and the most diverse people met at their suppers. Country
Moscow, and where fire had the same property of consuming what was set
Moscow. And the troops retired one more, last, day's march, and
Moscow. In front rode a detachment of Wurttemberg hussars and behind
Mosetig-Moorhof, consists in disinfecting and drying the cavity by a
Moskva bridge and the officer ran out into the square.
Mother of God," and the priest and deacon chimed in: "For to Thee
Moved by this frank hostility and anxious for the future, the bank
Mozhaysk and that our men were leaving it.
Mr. Klyucharev has been treated in the same way, and so have others
Mr. Windibank gave a violent start and dropped his gloves. "I am delighted to hear it," he said.
Mr. Windibank sprang out of his chair and picked up his hat. "I cannot waste time over this sort of fantastic talk, Mr. Holmes," he said. "If you can catch the man, catch him, and let me know when you have done it."
Much has happened since this Manual was last revised, and many surgical
Much that they remembered had slipped from her mind, and what she
Murat approached the interpreter and told him to ask where the
Murat's emissary and retired, leaving Bagration's division exposed.
Murat, he did not rise or even stir, but scowled still more and
My experience of camp life in Afghanistan had at least had the effect of making me a prompt and ready traveller. My wants were few and simple, so that in less than the time stated I was in a cab with my valise, rattling away to Paddington Station. Sherlock Holmes was pacing up and down the platform, his tall, gaunt figure made even gaunter and taller by his long grey travelling-cloak and close-fitting cloth cap.
My friend insisted upon my accompanying them in their expedition, which I was eager enough to do, for my curiosity and sympathy were deeply stirred by the story to which we had listened. I confess that the guilt of the banker's son appeared to me to be as obvious as it did to his unhappy father, but still I had such faith in Holmes' judgment that I felt that there must be some grounds for hope as long as he was dissatisfied with the accepted explanation. He hardly spoke a word the whole way out to the southern suburb, but sat with his chin upon his breast and his hat drawn over his eyes, sunk in the deepest thought. Our client appeared to have taken fresh heart at the little glimpse of hope which had been presented to him, and he even broke into a desultory chat with me over his business affairs. A short railway journey and a shorter walk brought us to Fairbank, the modest residence of the great financier.
My friend rose lazily from his armchair and stood with his hands in the pockets of his dressing-gown, looking over my shoulder. It was a bright, crisp February morning, and the snow of the day before still lay deep upon the ground, shimmering brightly in the wintry sun. Down the centre of Baker Street it had been ploughed into a brown crumbly band by the traffic, but at either side and on the heaped-up edges of the foot-paths it still lay as white as when it fell. The grey pavement had been cleaned and scraped, but was still dangerously slippery, so that there were fewer passengers than usual. Indeed, from the direction of the Metropolitan Station no one was coming save the single gentleman whose eccentric conduct had drawn my attention.
My friend was an enthusiastic musician, being himself not only a very capable performer but a composer of no ordinary merit. All the afternoon he sat in the stalls wrapped in the most perfect happiness, gently waving his long, thin fingers in time to the music, while his gently smiling face and his languid, dreamy eyes were as unlike those of Holmes the sleuth-hound, Holmes the relentless, keen-witted, ready-handed criminal agent, as it was possible to conceive. In his singular character the dual nature alternately asserted itself, and his extreme exactness and astuteness represented, as I have often thought, the reaction against the poetic and contemplative mood which occasionally predominated in him. The swing of his nature took him from extreme languor to devouring energy; and, as I knew well, he was never so truly formidable as when, for days on end, he had been lounging in his armchair amid his improvisations and his black-letter editions. Then it was that the lust of the chase would suddenly come upon 

My leisure then, and my old age, would have been devoted, in company
Mytishchi a mile and a half away, and through the night came the noise
Naples, and so on. But these orders and reports were only on paper,
Napoleon advanced farther and we retired, thus arriving at the very
Napoleon and Alexander with all their antecedents.
Napoleon and defeats for Kutuzov.
Napoleon and his marshals--and that aim was not merely frustrated
Napoleon and preyed upon American commerce, the United States made ready
Napoleon bowed his head and remained silent a long time.
Napoleon circumstances changed and the news he brought was already
Napoleon felt this, and from the time he took up the correct fencing
Napoleon frowned and sat silent for a long time leaning his head
Napoleon grinned maliciously and again raised his snuffbox to his
Napoleon himself had noticed her in the theater and said of her:
Napoleon looked up and down the river, dismounted, and sat down on a
Napoleon met Balashev cheerfully and amiably. He not only showed
Napoleon need only have used his Old Guards, who were intact, and
Napoleon nodded and walked away.
Napoleon noticed at once what they were about and guessed that
Napoleon offered to sell the entire domain and get rid of the business
Napoleon ordered an army to be raised and go to war. We are so
Napoleon ordered another glass to be brought for Rapp, and silently
Napoleon pondered a little in silence and then indicated the spots
Napoleon rode over the plain and surveyed the locality with a
Napoleon rose and having summoned Caulaincourt and Berthier began
Napoleon sat down, toying with his Sevres coffee cup, and motioned
Napoleon shrugged his shoulders and continued to pace up and down
Napoleon slightly turned his head, and put his plump little hand out
Napoleon smiled and told them to give the Cossack a horse and
Napoleon smiled and, lifting his head absentmindedly, glanced to the
Napoleon told him to ride by his side and began questioning him.
Napoleon took a lozenge, put it in his mouth, and glanced at his
Napoleon turned quickly and began to pace the room.
Napoleon turned to Berthier and said he wished to see how the news
Napoleon turned to him gaily and pulled his ear.
Napoleon's allies suddenly became his enemies and their forces
Napoleon's army was the rapidity of its movement, and a convincing
Napoleon's arrangements, the maneuvers, and his profound plans which
Napoleon's caprice. The ideas of the Revolution and the general temper
Napoleon's generals--Davout, Ney, and Murat, who were near that
Napoleon's refusal to withdraw his troops beyond the Vistula and to
Napoleon's words. "'I opened my antechambers and they crowded in.' I
Napoleon, and above all this the lofty sky, formed the chief
Napoleon, entered Paris, forced Napoleon to abdicate, and sent him
Napoleon, exchanged looks and smiled contemptuously at this
Napoleon, that argument seems not merely untrue and irrational, but
Napoleon; yet the historians who described the event later and the men
Napoleonic ideal of glory and grandeur. One after another they
Napoleons, Louis-es, and authors, we ought to be shown the
Narrow and burdensome and useless to anyone as his life now seemed
Nashville, and Montgomery. Nevertheless, in spite of this enterprise,
Natasha a Cossack) and she stroked the child's arm as she came up
Natasha and Pierre were living in Petersburg at the time and had
Natasha and Pierre, left alone, also began to talk as only a husband
Natasha and Princess Mary also wept now, but not because of their
Natasha and Princess Mary looked at one another in silence, and the
Natasha and Sonya, and hastened to inquire after "Mamma's" health.
Natasha and of her own youth, and of how there was something unnatural
Natasha and talked to her. "Perhaps I imagined it; perhaps I shall
Natasha and turned to leave the room, but Pierre held her hand.
Natasha and whispered: "Well, what?"
Natasha at that moment felt so softened and tender that it was not
Natasha ate of everything and thought she had never seen or eaten
Natasha awoke and saw Sonya.
Natasha blushed and laughed.
Natasha boldly as she took the letter, and her face expressed a cold
Natasha did not speak to Sonya again and avoided her. With the
Natasha entered with a softened and agitated expression of face
Natasha felt happy and agitated, but at once remembered that this
Natasha first one thing and then another.
Natasha for a valse and as they danced he pressed her waist and hand
Natasha got up and Nicholas sat down at the clavichord. Standing as
Natasha had grown thin and pale and physically so weak that they all
Natasha had married in the early spring of 1813, and in 1820 already
Natasha had not had a moment free since early morning and had not
Natasha involuntarily gazed at that neck, those shoulders, and
Natasha kept turning to Helene and to her father, as if asking what it
Natasha knew so well and liked so much. She turned away and suddenly
Natasha knew was covered with powder. Behind them, wearing a smile and
Natasha laughed, and the countess too smiled slightly.
Natasha lay on the bed and in the semidarkness of the room scanned
Natasha left the room with her father and, as if finding it
Natasha looked at Sonya with wondering and inquisitive eyes, and
Natasha looked at her with eyes full of tears and in her look
Natasha looked at him, and by way of answer to his words her eyes
Natasha looked from one to the other as a hunted and wounded
Natasha looked in the mirrors and could not distinguish her
Natasha looked intently at him and went on:
Natasha looked. Her eyes were dry and glistening, her lips compressed,
Natasha loved no one but Prince Andrew and had never ceased to love
Natasha moved a few steps forward and stopped shyly, still holding her
Natasha no less proud of her first long dress and of being at a real
Natasha of former days. Her features were more defined and had a calm,
Natasha quietly repeated her question, and her face and whole manner
Natasha raised her head and, kissing her friend on the lips, pressed
Natasha ran into the house and went on tiptoe through the
Natasha remained alone and, from the time Princess Mary began making
Natasha rose and curtsied to the splendid countess. She was so
Natasha sat down and, without joining in Boris' conversation with
Natasha saw there was nothing to be afraid of and so she braved even
Natasha set to work to effect a reconciliation, and so far succeeded
Natasha smiled and looked at her mother. "Not to marry, but just
Natasha smiled and was on the point of speaking.
Natasha softly closed the door and went with Sonya to the window,
Natasha spoke to Pierre about her brother's life and doings, of
Natasha stepped up to the window and pondered.
Natasha up warmly and took leave of her with quite a new tenderness.
Natasha was gazing at her, but seemed afraid and in doubt whether to
Natasha was ill and her engagement broken off, and that he would do
Natasha was listening and considering.
Natasha was sad and irritable all that time, especially when her
Natasha was sixteen and it was the year 1809, the very year to which
Natasha went to the table and without a moment's reflection wrote
Natasha went up and asked him what was the matter. He did not answer
Natasha went up to the monk for his blessing, and advised her to
Natasha would make an exemplary wife and mother.
Natasha's engagement to Bolkonski, and that the wedding would be in
Natasha's face twitched. She frowned and lowered her eyes for a
Natasha's illness was so serious that, fortunately for her and for
Natasha's intermediacy, to remind him of his promise, and then thanked
Natasha's large mouth widened, making her look quite ugly, and she
Natasha's lips twitched, ugly wrinkles gathered round her mouth, and
Natasha's soul was overflowing with despair, shame, and humiliation,
Natasha's talk, and especially a quick glance Sonya gave her.
Natasha's wish and entrusted her to Belova. Agrafena Ivanovna used
Natasha, "and they say there was no Negro at all. But you see, you
Natasha, Sonya, Madame Schoss, and two maids got into Nicholas'
Natasha, after she had pulled him down toward her and covered his
Natasha, and following his first impulse stepped instantly and rapidly
Natasha, animated and excited, looked about her with wide-open
Natasha, her three children, their governess, and old Michael
Natasha, pale and stern, was sitting beside Marya Dmitrievna, and
Natasha. But he was not as much at ease with Sonya and Dolokhov as
Natasha. He noticed her watching him, raised his eyes, and began to
Natasha. In the whole narrative she saw only Pierre and his
Natasha. Natasha was calm, though a severe and grave expression had
Natasha; but they are kindly folk and form the best possible setting
Natasha; he had sought it by reasoning--and all these quests and
Nation_ (Riverside Series), pp. 20-26, especially the map on p. 23, and
National German Alliance, minor German societies, and Lutheran churches
Nesvitski and Zherkov were so surprised by this outburst that they
Nesvitski looked round and saw, some fifteen paces away but
Nesvitski rose, puffing, and went up to the general, smiling.
Nesvitski stopped him and took him home.
Never had love been so much in the air, and never had the amorous
Never in my life have I seen such a sight. The man's face peeled off under the sponge like the bark from a tree. Gone was the coarse brown tint! Gone, too, was the horrid scar which had seamed it across, and the twisted lip which had given the repulsive sneer to the face! A twitch brought away the tangled red hair, and there, sitting up in his bed, was a pale, sad-faced, refined-looking man, black-haired and smooth-skinned, rubbing his eyes and staring about him with sleepy bewilderment. Then suddenly realising the exposure, he broke into a scream and threw himself down with his face to the pillow.
Nevertheless George III had been spoiled by his mother, his tutors, and
Nevertheless these years of muddled politics and nebulous issues proved
Nevertheless, the local societies continued their organization and
New Hampshire (1784), and Georgia (1798), gave the ballot to all who
New Orleans, Atlanta, Memphis, Nashville, and Houston stood in the same
New York Anglicans, alarmed at the growth of religious dissent and the
New York and Delaware, were English. During the early days of all, save
New York and Virginia, where the question of ratification was still
New York and reared in Tennessee; and the constitution as finally
New York, Delaware, South Carolina, Georgia, and Louisiana, though some
New growths taking origin in the synovial membrane are rare, and are not
Next came four soldiers, carrying something heavy on a cloak, and
Next day Davout rode out early and, after asking Balashev to come to
Next day Nicholas took his mother's letter and went to see
Next day Prince Vasili had arrived and settled in the count's house.
Next day he came early, dined, and stayed the whole evening.
Next day the Emperor arrived in Moscow, and several of the
Next day the French army did not renew their attack, and the remnant
Next day the countess called Boris aside and had a talk with him,
Next day the field marshal gave a dinner and ball which the
Next day the old count called his son aside and, with an embarrassed
Next day toward evening the princess set off, and Pierre's head
Next day, at eight in the morning, Pierre and Nesvitski drove to the
Next day, the army began its campaign, and up to the very battle
Next day, with the sole idea of not sparing himself and not
Next morning, having taken leave of no one but the count, and not
Next, bolts for the doors of the new building were wanted and had to
Nicholas Rostov served and which was in Prince Bagration's detachment,
Nicholas Rostov turned away and, as if searching for something,
Nicholas Rostov, with Denisov and his new acquaintance, Dolokhov,
Nicholas and Denisov were walking up and down, looking with kindly
Nicholas and Julie were saying to one another. The governess kept
Nicholas and Natasha always brought him back to the health of Prince
Nicholas and Sonya, "that when one goes on and on recalling
Nicholas and his attendant, with "Uncle" and his huntsman, were
Nicholas and his wife lived together so happily that even Sonya
Nicholas at Otradnoe were what she recalled oftenest and most
Nicholas began pacing up and down the room.
Nicholas clearing his throat again and stirring, and his voice said
Nicholas coughed and said no more. Countess Mary moved away from the
Nicholas did not go to Moscow, and the countess did not renew the
Nicholas did not reply and tried to avoid speaking of the princess
Nicholas did not take his eyes off his sister and drew breath in
Nicholas dismounted, and with Natasha and Petya, who had ridden
Nicholas gave the horses the rein, and Zakhar, stretching out his
Nicholas glanced at her and, wishing to appear not to notice her
Nicholas glanced round at Sonya, and bent down to see her face
Nicholas incoherently and blushing.
Nicholas looked into the radiant eyes that were gazing at him, and
Nicholas lowered his legs, rose, and took his daughter in his arms.
Nicholas overtook the first sleigh. They were driving downhill and
Nicholas promised to come and blushed again as he bowed. At the
Nicholas put all his horses to a gallop and passed Zakhar. The
Nicholas put down the book and looked at his wife. The radiant
Nicholas said nothing. He flushed crimson, left her side, and
Nicholas sent the man to call Natasha and Petya to him, and rode
Nicholas sighed, bit his mustache, and laid out the cards for a
Nicholas suddenly felt a desire and need to tell his most intimate
Nicholas too was greatly pleased by "Uncle's" playing, and "Uncle"
Nicholas tried to say "Yes," but could not: and he nearly burst into
Nicholas was allowed no respite and no peace, and those who had seemed
Nicholas was silent and agreed with her.
Nicholas would not hear of remaining in Moscow, and only awaited the
Nicholas would turn the broken ring on his finger and would drop his
Nicholas' career and am heartless and ungrateful, while truly... God
Nicholas' letter was read over hundreds of times, and those who were
Nicholas' position became worse and worse. The idea of putting
Nicholas' relations, and of Princess Mary's.
Nicholas' stepmother and I'll marry Bourienne!... Ha, ha, ha! He
Nicholas, Natasha, and "Uncle" flew, reckless of where and how they
Nicholas, and looked sternly at his sister, trying to make her feel
Nicholas, and running out from the porch he went round the corner of
Nicholas, not stopping to talk to the man, asked his sister and
Nicholas, was considered very stinging), "and your greatest pleasure
Nicholas, with a stern and serious air which showed that now was no
Nicholas. "Pray come and see me."
Nicholas; he wanted to be learned, wise, and kind like Pierre. In
Niemen, and, changing into a Polish uniform, he drove to the riverbank
Night had come. There were stars in the sky and the new moon shone
No betrothal ceremony took place and Natasha's engagement to
No hard-and-fast rules can be laid down as to what constitutes a
No one had given Tushin orders where and at what to fire, but
No one replied a word to Dolokhov's laughter, and a French officer
No one replied and Princess Mary, looking round at the crowd,
No one replied to this remark and for some time they all gazed
No one replied. Natasha rose slowly and carefully, crossed
No residents were left in Moscow, and the soldiers--like water
Nobody will know and I shall never see him again," she told herself.
Noguchi and Moore have discovered the spirochaete in the brain in a
None of them listened to orders. Fifteen hundred prisoners and
Nor did the brilliant exploits of John Paul Jones and Captain John Barry
Nor did the latter, having risen and curtsied, know what to do.
North Carolina and Georgia denied the ballot to any one who was not a
North and South" required the admission of their state as a slave
North without us would be a motherless calf, bleating about, and die of
North, closed their doors; stocks and bonds came down in a crash on the
Northern Alabama, Kentucky, Arkansas, and Texas. Oil pools were found
Northern Pacific in 1883 afforded a means of transportation east and
Northern speculators who, anticipating assumption and funding, had
Northern states, Kentucky the following year reaffirmed its position and
Northwest, running back into the heroic days when French hunters and
Not expecting to come on the enemy down by the stream, and having
Not letting the abbe and Pierre escape, Anna Pavlovna, the more
Not satisfied with his veto and his declaration against the bank,
Nothing more stirred behind the screens and the French infantry
November; and the government under it went into effect the next year.
Now he was a lieutenant of hussars, in a jacket laced with silver, and
Obolenski's Cossacks and went to Belaya Tserkov where the regiment
Occasionally he stopped, listened to the firing, and gazed
Oder, and yet you are willing to negotiate."
Odessa Masons and promised to write to him and guide him in his new
Of all the problems which have been submitted to my friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, for solution during the years of our intimacy, there were only two which I was the means of introducing to his notice--that of Mr. Hatherley's thumb, and that of Colonel Warburton's madness. Of these the latter may have afforded a finer field for an acute and original observer, but the other was so strange in its inception and so dramatic in its details that it may be the more worthy of being placed upon record, even if it gave my friend fewer openings for those deductive methods of reasoning by which he achieved such remarkable results. The story has, I believe, been told more than once in the newspapers, but, like all such narratives, its effect is much less striking when set forth en bloc in a single half-column of print than when the facts slowly evolve before your own eyes, and the mystery clears gradually away as each new discovery furnishes a step which leads on to the complete truth. At the time the circumstances made a 

Of all these things Republican leaders made full and vigorous use,
Oh, how that chord vibrated, and how moved was something that was
Oh, no; not half the time or half way.... From the days of Fenton and
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois combined.
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois were flooded with the local bank notes of
Ohio, established in 1833, opened its doors to girls and from it were
Ohio. The little posts founded at Marietta and Cincinnati had grown into
Old Dominion began treaties of commerce and amity with New York and the
Old South Church in Boston; and he denied the writ of _habeas corpus_ to
Old World and from the Eastern states, impelled by curiosity, made their
Oldenburg, and had Alexander not felt insulted, and had there not been
Olmutz and, entering the house occupied by Kutuzov, asked for
Olmutz, and Olmutz is a very decent town. You and I will travel
On August 24 Davydov's first partisan detachment was formed and then
On December 6--St. Nicholas' Day and the prince's name day--all
On Kutuzov's staff, among his fellow officers and in the army
On May 7, without warning, the ship was struck by two torpedoes and in a
On October 25, 1760, King George II died and the British crown passed to
On account of the relations of the artery and of its branches, treatment
On another page he drew a tomb, and wrote:
On everything--far and near--lay the magic crystal glitter seen only
On glancing over my notes of the seventy odd cases in which I have during the last eight years studied the methods of my friend Sherlock Holmes, I find many tragic, some comic, a large number merely strange, but none commonplace; for, working as he did rather for the love of his art than for the acquirement of wealth, he refused to associate himself with any investigation which did not tend towards the unusual, and even the fantastic. Of all these varied cases, however, I cannot recall any which presented more singular features than that which was associated with the well-known Surrey family of the Roylotts of Stoke Moran. The events in question occurred in the early days of my association with Holmes, when we were sharing rooms as bachelors in Baker Street. It is possible that I might have placed them upon record before, but a promise of secrecy was made at the time, from which I have only been freed during the last month by the untimely death of the lady to whom the pledge was given. It is perhaps as well 

On him the bitter experience of the Revolution and of later days made a
On one of his estates the three hundred serfs were liberated and
On reaching the village he dismounted and went to the nearest house,
On returning late in the evening Sonya went to Natasha's room, and
On section, the tumour is usually laminated, and is seen to consist
On seeing his face and meeting his eyes Princess Mary's pace
On seeing the crowd and the bloodstained man the workman ceased
On the day the count left, Sonya and Natasha were invited to a big
On the eighteenth and nineteenth of November, the army advanced
On the evening of the twenty-sixth of August, Kutuzov and the
On the face and neck, wounds heal rapidly, and stitches may be removed
On the faces of all the Russians and of the French soldiers and
On the one side, it involved the export of raw materials and
On the opposite side the enemy could be seen by the naked eye, and
On the other question, how the battle of Borodino and the
On the right a single deep report of a cannon resounded and died
On the seventeenth of August Rostov and Ilyin, accompanied by
On the thirteenth of June the French and Russian Emperors arrived in
On two sides black curling clouds of smoke rose and spread from the
On waking she listened to what was going on behind the door and,
Once she came to her mother, tried to say something, and suddenly
Once she had a talk with her friend Natasha about Sonya and about
One army fled and the other pursued. Beyond Smolensk there were
One cannon ball after another whistled by and struck the
One cannon ball, another, and a third flew over him, falling in
One day she went quickly upstairs and found herself out of breath.
One day toward the end of December Natasha, pale and thin, dressed
One form occurs in _pregnant and puerperal women_, affecting most
One group of the French stood close to the road, and two of them,
One morning, at a little before seven o'clock, I was awakened by the maid tapping at the door to announce that two men had come from Paddington and were waiting in the consulting-room. I dressed hurriedly, for I knew by experience that railway cases were seldom trivial, and hastened downstairs. As I descended, my old ally, the guard, came out of the room and closed the door tightly behind him.
One night when the old countess, in nightcap and dressing jacket,
One night--it was in June, '89--there came a ring to my bell, about the hour when a man gives his first yawn and glances at the clock. I sat up in my chair, and my wife laid her needle-work down in her lap and made a little face of disappointment.
One night--it was on the twentieth of March, 1888--I was returning from a journey to a patient (for I had now returned to civil practice), when my way led me through Baker Street. As I passed the well-remembered door, which must always be associated in my mind with my wooing, and with the dark incidents of the Study in Scarlet, I was seized with a keen desire to see Holmes again, and to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. His rooms were brilliantly lit, and, even as I looked up, I saw his tall, spare figure pass twice in a dark silhouette against the blind. He was pacing the room swiftly, eagerly, with his head sunk upon his chest and his hands clasped behind him. To me, who knew his every mood and habit, his attitude and manner told their own story. He was at work again. He had risen out of his drug-created dreams and was hot upon the scent of some new problem. I rang the bell and was shown up to the chamber which had formerly been in part my own.
One of the generals rode up to Napoleon and ventured to offer to
One of the men came out of the crowd and went up to Rostov.
One of the men got up and went over to the Fifth Company.
One of the most obvious and advantageous departures from the
One of them was a sallow, clean-shaven civilian with a thin and
One second more and I should have understood it all! But what am I
One shot struck a French soldier's foot, and from behind the screens
Only now did Pierre realize the full strength of life in man and the
Only some carts and carriages were passing by. From one of the drivers
Only the eldest princess, the one with the stony face and long
Only the really heartless, the stupid ones of that household, and
Only when alone together were they free from such outrage and
Only when the victim ceased to struggle and his cries changed to a
Orders in Council and paid the tax were almost certain to fall a prey to
Orient--where were to be found markets for American goods and natural
Orleans to Philadelphia and New York, they viewed with alarm. Free
Ossification in the deltoid and pectoral muscles has been observed in
Osteomyelitis is rare in the bones of the carpus and tarsus, and the
Ostermann and Sedmoretzki, and all that the peasants had has been
Ostrogorski, _Democracy and the Organization of Political Parties_, Vol.
Other crowds, exhausted and hungry, went forward led by their
Other detachments passed through the Kremlin and encamped along
Other types of eruption are less common, and are met with from the third
Others joined those men and stopped and told how cannon balls had
Otradnoe avenue, and how she had been unable to sleep that moonlight
Otradnoe not so much in fun as in earnest--and her mother was now
Our army, after repeated retreats and advances and battles at
Our visitor collapsed into a chair, with a ghastly face and a glitter of moisture on his brow. "It--it's not actionable," he stammered.
Our visitor gave a rather shamefaced laugh. "Shillings have not been so plentiful with me as they once were," he remarked. "I had no doubt that the gang of roughs who assaulted me had carried off both my hat and the bird. I did not care to spend more money in a hopeless attempt at recovering them."
Our visitor glanced with some apparent surprise at the languid, lounging figure of the man who had been no doubt depicted to him as the most incisive reasoner and most energetic agent in Europe. Holmes slowly reopened his eyes and looked impatiently at his gigantic client.
Our visitor had recovered something of his assurance while Holmes had been talking, and he rose from his chair now with a cold sneer upon his pale face.
Our visitor staggered to his feet and clutched the mantelpiece with his right hand. Holmes unlocked his strong-box and held up the blue carbuncle, which shone out like a star, with a cold, brilliant, many-pointed radiance. Ryder stood glaring with a drawn face, uncertain whether to claim or to disown it.
Outside, there was the same cold stillness and the same moon, but
Over there, where the shouting came from, a fire flared up and went
Owing to the laxity of the tissues, it increases rapidly, and it may
Owing to the rapidity of the French flight and the Russian pursuit
Owing to the swelling and condensation of the parts around, the pus thus
Owing to the terrible uproar and the necessity for concentration and
P.F. Hall, _Immigration and Its Effects on the United States_.
P.S. Let me have news of your brother and his charming little wife.
Pacific and the Orient was so enlarged as to be a factor of great weight
Pacific was granted to private companies in aid of railways and wagon
Pacific, with their subsidiary and component lines, the estate of Peter
Pads of _sphagnum moss_, sterilised by heat, are highly absorbent, and
Pale and agitated, Natasha ran into the drawing room.
Pamphleteers, preachers, and publicists rose, however, to meet the needs
Panama renounced its allegiance to Colombia and three days later the
Paris and began preparations for the arrival of our troops. In June, the
Paris would have been the capital of the world, and the French the
Paris, and London respectively, held a conference and issued the
Parliament at the time made smooth the way for the king and his allies
Particularly vivid, humiliating, and shameful was the recollection
Passing between the companies that had been eating porridge and
Passing by Kutuzov's carriage and the exhausted saddle horses of his
Pasteur treatment" (Muir and Ritchie).
Pasteur, which is found in garden soil, dung, and various putrefying
Pathological fracture is more common in central tumours, and sometimes
Patience and time are my warriors, my champions," thought Kutuzov.
Paulucci and Michaud both attacked Wolzogen simultaneously in
Paulucci was there because he was bold and decided in speech. The
Pavlograd hussars--was simultaneously attacked and outflanked by
Pavlograds did not take part, and after that an armistice was
Pavlovna Helene remained just as they had been--the one seven and
Pavlovna Scherer, maid of honor and favorite of the Empress Marya
Pavlovna Scherer. At the other end sat the younger and less
Pavlovna mentioned each one's name and then left them.
Pavlovna threatened him on behalf of "our dear Vyazmitinov," and in
Pavlovna's drawing room, and also to Anna Pavlovna herself who had
Peaches, oranges, peanuts, and other fruits and vegetables were found to
Pelageya suddenly grew quite pale and clasped her hands.
Pennsylvania and many a redemptioner who had discharged his bond of
Pennsylvania and the growth of cities like Buffalo, Cincinnati,
Pennsylvania farmer and land surveyor who, on hearing the clash of arms,
Pennsylvania was founded in 1850, and the Philadelphia School of Design
Pennsylvania, a Democratic state; but Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois were
Pennsylvania, and Albany in New York, with growing populations and
Pennsylvania, and Georgia--while receiving a steady stream of
Pennsylvania, and Maryland were represented. After a long discussion, a
Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts; and connections were formed among the
Pennsylvania, and the wool, flax, and hemp farms of the West had
Pennsylvania, crossed the narrow neck of Virginia at Wheeling, and then
Pennsylvania, the wool, hemp, and flax growers of Ohio, Kentucky, and
Pennsylvania; and he carried every state south of Maryland and beyond
Pensions, soldiers and sailors, 413, 607
People have called this kind of war "guerrilla warfare" and assume
Perhaps you will go and live with him too?" he added, turning to
Peronskaya a maid of honor, Pierre Bezukhov, and the son of their
Peronskaya was quite ready. In spite of her age and plainness she
Persian rugs, bearskins, and weapons, sat Dolokhov in a traveling
Persistent vomiting of dark-brown material is often present, and
Petenka--he took part in it--and it's all true. When mischief-makers
Peter, and he turned on the box toward his master.
Petersburg and come to him. Availing himself of his friendly relations
Petersburg and settle his wife's affairs and must rebuild in Moscow.
Petersburg as a buffoon, and so of what she had said they only
Petersburg hero Wittgenstein, this mood and the gossip of the staff
Petersburg society, came into his room one evening in the official and
Petersburg were Boris, Pierre whom the count had met in the street and
Petersburg) that both the prince and the magnate had proposed to her
Petersburg, and both cities wondered at her, laughed privately at
Petersburg, and had been expelled from there for riotous conduct and
Petersburg, and wrote enthusiastic letters to his "brother-instructor"
Petersburg, look round, and choose your profession. I will agree to
Petersburg," said Nicholas. "Yes, Pierre always was a dreamer and
Petersburg; tomorrow such and such decrees and orders to the army, the
Petitions to legislative bodies were drafted, signed, and presented.
Petya came out, peered into the darkness, and went up to the wagons.
Petya clenched his teeth and looked around, throwing back his head
Petya had blushed and grown confused when Denisov asked him whether he
Petya had considered he must carry out his instructions strictly and
Petya listened to their surpassing beauty in awe and joy.
Petya ran up and offered her his back. She jumped on it, putting her
Petya to wait for him and rode to the spot where the enemy's,
Petya was carried out like a log and laid in the larger of the two
Petya's eyes began to close and he swayed a little.
Petya. "Some fellows do things just anyhow, without preparation, and
Pfuel was short and very thin but broad-boned, of coarse, robust
Phalanx of Great Toe, showing Ulceration of Skin and Displacement of
Philadelphia, Albany, New York City, and New England, labor candidates
Philadelphia, Boston, and other towns, for instance, drew together and
Philadelphia, New York, Boston, Chicago, or Milwaukee and in the hamlets
Philadelphia, and Charleston were more hospitable, and there large
Philadelphia. By this time the tension of feeling was high, and the
Philadelphia. Harmless titles, such as "Sir," "the Honorable," and "His
Philip Freneau, flung taunts of cowardice at the Tories and celebrated
Philippines; and the determination of the status of the inhabitants of
Phleboliths sometimes form in such pouches, and may be recognised in a
Picric acid yields its best results in superficial burns, and it is
Pictures of the near past--her father's illness and last moments-
Pierce and turned away from politics to meditate upon approaching death.
Pierre admitted that it was true, and from that was gradually led by
Pierre again emptied his glass and poured himself out a third.
Pierre and Helene still sat talking just as before.
Pierre and Helene, side by side. Prince Vasili was not having any
Pierre and proposed that he should ride with him along the line.
Pierre and showed him all sorts of favors.)
Pierre and thirteen others were moved to the coach house of a
Pierre and, hurrying along by the fence, he turned several times to
Pierre as he looked at and listened to Willarski, it seemed strange to
Pierre became silent. The raft had long since stopped and only the
Pierre blushed, as he always did when it was mentioned, and said
Pierre came up to him and caught him by the arm.
Pierre choked, his face puckered, and he turned hastily away, went
Pierre clutched his temples, and turning round went into the forest,
Pierre could not and did not wish to break this silence.
Pierre could not go on. He gulped and turned away.
Pierre could not make out what it was all about, and still less what
Pierre did not answer and left Rostopchin's room more sullen and
Pierre did not answer him and asked briefly whether his proposal would
Pierre did not find his groom and rode along the hollow with the
Pierre did not look out at the battlefield and was not concerned
Pierre did not stay for dinner, but left the room and went away at
Pierre dined at the club that day and heard on all sides gossip
Pierre dined with them and would have spent the whole evening there,
Pierre dressed hastily and ran out to the porch. Outside all was
Pierre dropped his eyes, lifted them again, and wished once more
Pierre exchanged glances with Countess Mary and Nicholas (Natasha he
Pierre felt confused and wished to avoid that look, but the bright
Pierre felt her eyes on him and tried not to look round. The
Pierre felt that he was the center of it all, and this both pleased
Pierre felt the different outlooks of these various worlds and
Pierre felt uncomfortable and even depressed in his friend's company
Pierre first looked down the field across which vehicles and
Pierre flushed and, hurriedly putting his legs down from the bed,
Pierre found in one of them, in the lists of killed, wounded, and
Pierre gazed at the door through which she had disappeared and did
Pierre glanced absently at Natasha and was about to say something,
Pierre glanced into the pit and saw that the factory lad was lying
Pierre glanced round at the speaker and saw that it was a soldier
Pierre got out and talked to the doctor, explaining his intention of
Pierre got up and, having told them to harness and overtake him,
Pierre gradually began to recover himself and looked about at the
Pierre had been educated abroad, and this reception at Anna
Pierre had been silent and preoccupied all through dinner, seeming
Pierre had come just at dinnertime and was sitting awkwardly in
Pierre had not eaten all day and the smell of the potatoes seemed
Pierre had often been in other days, and which, as he learned from the
Pierre had recognized in the corporal's words and in the roll of the
Pierre had rejoined Karataev and the gray-blue bandy-legged dog that
Pierre he muttered something angrily and went away along the passage.
Pierre inquired what was being said about leaving, and the
Pierre leaped up from the sofa and rushed staggering toward her.
Pierre left the room and went to the old prince and Princess Mary.
Pierre listened to her attentively and seriously. Prince Andrew went
Pierre listened to her with lips parted and eyes fixed upon her full
Pierre listened to the colonel's speech and nodded approvingly.
Pierre longer suffered moments of despair, hypochondria, and disgust
Pierre looked around him with bloodshot eyes and did not reply.
Pierre looked at his friend and, noticing that he did not like the
Pierre looked over the wall of the trench and was particularly
Pierre looked silently and inquiringly at him over his spectacles.
Pierre looked silently and searchingly into Prince Andrew's face,
Pierre looked up and saw at a window of the large house some
Pierre met the old count, who seemed nervous and upset. That morning
Pierre murmured something unintelligible, and continued to look
Pierre nodded, and went on with what he had been saying when the
Pierre noticed that after every ball that hit the redoubt, and after
Pierre noticed that he was pale and that his jaw quivered and shook as
Pierre paused and looked at Anatole no longer with an angry but with
Pierre quickly took out his purse and watch, but could not manage
Pierre raised his shoulders and listened open-mouthed to what was
Pierre refused without the least difficulty or effort, and was
Pierre remained gloomily silent, answering in monosyllables and
Pierre remembered Ramballe, and named him and his regiment and the
Pierre replied that he could not tell him his name and, blushing,
Pierre rose and took his leave.
Pierre sat down by the fire and began eating the mash, as they
Pierre sat opposite Dolokhov and Nicholas Rostov. As usual, he ate
Pierre saw that Boris wished to change the subject, and being of the
Pierre saw that Prince Andrew was going to speak of Natasha, and his
Pierre saw that the count was much upset and tried to change the
Pierre seemed disconcerted and embarrassed. He was talking to the
Pierre seized the crossbeam, tugged, and wrenched the oak frame
Pierre shook his head and arms as if attacked by mosquitoes or bees.
Pierre shook his head and went on. In another side street a sentinel
Pierre sighed, rose submissively, emptied his glass, and, waiting
Pierre sometimes felt as if he was vanishing and that neither he nor
Pierre sometimes opened and sometimes closed his eyes. But as soon
Pierre spoke rapidly and with animation. He glanced once at the
Pierre stepped out of his carriage and, passing the toiling
Pierre stepped out of the gate the coachmen and the yard porter
Pierre still went into society, drank as much and led the same
Pierre suddenly flushed crimson and for a long time tried not to
Pierre telling him his favorite anecdotes and his observations on
Pierre that it was his duty to conceal the whole affair and
Pierre the story of his ancestors, his childhood, youth, and
Pierre threw himself on the drunkard. Just when Pierre snatched at and
Pierre too bent his head and let his hands fall. Without further
Pierre took his feet off the table, stood up, and lay down on a
Pierre took it and began reading.
Pierre took off his coat, waistcoat, and left boot according to
Pierre took off his hat and bowed respectfully to Kutuzov.
Pierre took one of the glasses and emptied it. Ramballe emptied
Pierre took that letter, and Rostopchin also gave him the Emperor's
Pierre took them off, and his eyes, besides the strange look eyes
Pierre turned back, giving a spring now and then to keep up with
Pierre turned over heavily on the ottoman and opened his mouth,
Pierre understood nothing of all this and coloring shyly looked in
Pierre walked up and down the drawing room, not listening to what
Pierre was agitated and undecided. Natasha's unwontedly brilliant
Pierre was carried away and began to speak of these things, but
Pierre was hungry and shared the dinner with pleasure. Morel, the
Pierre was no longer able to turn away and close his eyes. His
Pierre was staying at Prince Vasili Kuragin's and sharing the
Pierre well knew this large room divided by columns and an arch, its
Pierre went in at the door, stepping on the soft carpet, and noticed
Pierre went on with his diary, and this is what he wrote in it
Pierre went out into the yard and, covering himself up head and all,
Pierre went to the battery and the adjutant rode on. They did not
Pierre went to the children, and the shouting and laughter grew
Pierre went to the right, and unexpectedly encountered one of
Pierre went with rapid steps to the door and suddenly came face to
Pierre who has inherited all the property and has besides been
Pierre with a smile, "we heard that you have family troubles and
Pierre! Terrible in battle... gallant... with the fair" (he winked and
Pierre's and Mamonov's regiments which looted Russian villages, and
Pierre's arm and asked him into the room that had been assigned him. A
Pierre's face quivering with emotion, his questions and his eager
Pierre's face, flushed and rapturous, but yet shy before his
Pierre's father, Count Bezukhov, and showed them her own box. Princess
Pierre's features, which had been gloomy, suddenly lighted up, and
Pierre's head was the bright August sunshine and the bells sounded
Pierre's heart with his love. At the gate stood Gerasim, the cook, and
Pierre's presence his face always shone with pleasure and he flushed
Pierre's side near Kutuzov and in a most natural manner, without
Pierre's way led through side streets to the Povarskoy and from
Pierre's words and, uttering some meaningless oaths, slammed the door.
Pierre, and a feeling that was both joyful and painful agitated him
Pierre, began talking of love and of his love affairs.
Pierre, betraying by this desperate and provocative proposition his
Pierre, feeling out of place there, having nothing to do, and afraid
Pierre, girt with a rope round his waist and wearing shoes
Pierre, not knowing whom to answer, looked at them all and smiled.
Pierre, on unexpectedly becoming Count Bezukhov and a rich man, felt
Pierre, snatching away the pistol and throwing it down, ran up to
Pierre, so softly that the Rhetor did not hear him and asked him
Pierre, who had been growing more and more agitated as he listened
Pierre, with a gentle smile of pity and remorse, his arms and legs
Pierre, with fame, with the girl at the window, the oak, and woman's
Pierre. "What of it? It's the truth!" and he himself smiled his gentle
Pierre. (Pierre shuddered and shook himself free.) The lad was
Pierre. The satisfaction of his hunger and the wine rendered the
Pike, explorer and pathfinder, by his expedition into the Southwest
Pistol-shot wounds of _joints_ and _soft parts_ are seldom of serious
Place Pierre, seeing a large crowd round the Lobnoe Place, stopped and
Plains, Germantown, and Camden. Not once did an army of militiamen
Please get it for me and put it under for a moment," he pleaded in a
Please read the "legal small print," and other information about the
Please read the "legal small print," and other information about the
Poklonny Hill perceived the throb of life in the town and felt, as
Pole and his daughter with an infant in arms. They were half clad,
Polish aides-de-camp in attendance that a dinner and ball should be
Political and Economic_ (American Nation Series), pp. 109-123; Hart,
Portions of malignant tumours also may form emboli, and their impaction
Portions of the _ovary_ and of the _thyreoid_ have been successfully
Portions of the softened thrombus are liable to become detached and to
Posen, Thorn, Danzig, and Konigsberg. At each of these towns thousands
Potemkin's and Suvorov's campaigns, or to legends of Alesha the Sly,
Potemkins, Suvorovs, and Orlovs Germans? No, lad, either you fellows
Povarskaya rose before him with such vividness, clearness, and charm
President McKinley, and as governor of the Empire state. Political
President Wilson and the Premiers, Lloyd George and Clemenceau, the
President and Senate and, as soon as there was the requisite number of
President and Senate won the undoubted approval of the American people.
President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House
President of the United States, was filched from the mails and passed
President through its power of ratifying treaties and appointments. "The
President with the consent of the Senate and serving for life. Thus it
Pressure on the thoracic veins and on the air-passage causes cyanosis
Pressure on the tibial and common peroneal nerves gives rise to severe
Primary tumours are of the connective-tissue type, and are usually
Prince Andrew and flattered him with that subtle flattery which goes
Prince Andrew and his sister, hand in hand, kissed one another,
Prince Andrew arrived at Tsarevo-Zaymishche on the very day and at
Prince Andrew at the same time as of the rest, and of how he would
Prince Andrew began to reply and to state his own plan, which
Prince Andrew could no longer restrain himself and wept tender
Prince Andrew did not notice that she called his sister Mary, and
Prince Andrew did not reply. The carriage and horses had long
Prince Andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced, but the
Prince Andrew did not think it proper to write and challenge
Prince Andrew dimly realized that all this was trivial and that he had
Prince Andrew entered a plain tidy room and saw at the table a man
Prince Andrew expressed his ideas so clearly and distinctly that
Prince Andrew followed Speranski's every word and movement with
Prince Andrew frowned and remained silent.
Prince Andrew gave him a look, but said nothing and went away. He
Prince Andrew got up and went on tiptoe up to the little bed,
Prince Andrew grew more and more animated. His eyes glittered
Prince Andrew had a vague idea, and Speranski its chief promoter,
Prince Andrew had arrived in the evening and Pierre came to see
Prince Andrew had gone out into the hall, and, turning his shoulders
Prince Andrew interrupted him and cried sharply: "Yes, ask her
Prince Andrew jumped up as if someone had burned him, and again
Prince Andrew liked dancing, and wishing to escape as quickly as
Prince Andrew looked at him and without replying went on speaking to
Prince Andrew looked inquiringly at him and gave no reply.
Prince Andrew looked kindly at him, yet his glance--friendly and
Prince Andrew looked out of the shed and saw Pierre, who had tripped
Prince Andrew looked sternly at her and an expression of anger
Prince Andrew needed his father's consent to his marriage, and to
Prince Andrew opened his eyes and looked up at the speaker from
Prince Andrew remained silent, and his expression was so forbidding
Prince Andrew repeatedly glanced at Natasha, gay and laughing among
Prince Andrew rode up and was just putting his question to a soldier
Prince Andrew said with sudden seriousness--"I am going away and
Prince Andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. Pierre, who
Prince Andrew sighed and broke the seal of another envelope. It
Prince Andrew sighed and made no reply.
Prince Andrew sighed with relief, smiled, and held out his hand.
Prince Andrew smiled just perceptibly and for the first time, but
Prince Andrew still did not reply: "I will tell you what to do, and
Prince Andrew to the point of tears and sympathized with his wounded
Prince Andrew told Kutuzov all he knew of his father's death, and
Prince Andrew told his driver to stop, and asked a soldier in what
Prince Andrew understood that this was said of him and that it was
Prince Andrew was carried in and laid on a table that had only
Prince Andrew was not there and life was going on as before.
Prince Andrew was on duty that day and in constant attendance on the
Prince Andrew went again to his wife and sat waiting in the room
Prince Andrew went up to Pierre, and the latter noticed a new and
Prince Andrew went up to the child and felt him. He was burning hot.
Prince Andrew which her nurse had noticed on his first visit, and
Prince Andrew without replying took out a notebook and raising his
Prince Andrew's last days had bound Princess Mary and Natasha
Prince Andrew's little son was seven. He could scarcely read, and
Prince Andrew's room with a preoccupied air and at once began talking.
Prince Andrew) and he referred to it contemptuously as philosophy
Prince Andrew, and Princess Mary had greatly changed since 1805.
Prince Andrew, and in a determined, ringing, and unpleasant tone he
Prince Andrew, and with a bow to them both he went out.
Prince Andrew, depressed and preoccupied with the business about
Prince Andrew, his face distorted with fury, rode up to him and raised
Prince Andrew, informing him of his arrival and asking him to come
Prince Andrew, pale and gloomy like everyone in the regiment,
Prince Andrew, pale, with compressed lips and feverishly glittering
Prince Andrew, the death of his wife, and the destruction of the
Prince Andrew, who remained in the porch and listened to the general's
Prince Andrew, with the purest regrets and memories, but probably
Prince Andrew, without replying, put him down from his knee and went
Prince Andrew--and his father had neither shape nor form, but he
Prince Andrew. "I build a house and lay out a garden, and you build
Prince Andrew. "The others, one's neighbors, le prochain, as you and
Prince Andrew. "Well, and what do think of Kutuzov's appointment?"
Prince Andrew. Prince Andrew seemed, and really was, quite a
Prince Andrew. Two... Frederick and Suvorov; Moreau!... Moreau would
Prince Bagration and Tushin looked with equal intentness at
Prince Bagration screwed up his eyes, looked round, and, seeing
Prince Bagration turned to the officer and with his dull eyes looked
Prince Hippolyte approached the little princess and, bending his
Prince Nicholas grew more animated and expressed his views on the
Prince Theodore, and she helped him by asking how his affairs with
Prince Vasili and Anatole had separate rooms assigned to them.
Prince Vasili and the eldest princess were sitting close together
Prince Vasili became thoughtful and frowned. Anna Mikhaylovna saw
Prince Vasili bent his head and spread out his hands.
Prince Vasili frowned, twisting his mouth, his cheeks quivered and
Prince Vasili passed by, seeming not to hear the ladies, and sat
Prince Vasili rose. "Oh!" said he with reproach and surprise,
Prince Vasili said no more and his cheeks began to twitch nervously,
Prince Vasili smiled, and Pierre noticed that everyone was smiling
Prince Vasili stared at her and at Boris questioningly and
Prince Vasili to Anna Mikhaylovna. "Go and take something, my poor
Prince Vasili's arm and led him to his study. As soon as they were
Prince Vasili's house where he was staying, and had been absurd,
Prince Vasili's two valets were busy dressing him, and he looked round
Prince Vasili, as he entered. "I know all about it, and I can tell you
Prince Vasili, who of late very often forgot what he had said and
Prince Vasili, with one leg thrown high over the other and a
Prince de Lichtenstein, le Prince, de Hohenlohe, and finally
Princess Bolkonskaya, very pretty and rosy, though rather too plump
Princess Mary and Natasha met as usual in the bedroom. They talked
Princess Mary and Natasha, who did not leave him, felt this. They
Princess Mary as she sat listening to the old men's talk and
Princess Mary asked Mademoiselle Bourienne's pardon, and also her
Princess Mary call it, are the chief source of all error and evil.
Princess Mary could no longer restrain herself and wept while she
Princess Mary entered her father's room and went up to his bed. He
Princess Mary grew quite unconscious of her face and coiffure. The
Princess Mary had given to his words. "I heard of it in Orel and you
Princess Mary had thought and thought again now. "Now he will never
Princess Mary had two passions and consequently two joys--her
Princess Mary he again glanced at Natasha, and a still-deeper flush
Princess Mary heard him and did not understand how he could say such
Princess Mary knelt down before her and hid her face in the folds of
Princess Mary looked at him silently and smiled affectionately.
Princess Mary postponed her departure. Sonya and the count tried
Princess Mary put off her departure, and for three weeks looked
Princess Mary raised her head, dried her eyes, and turned to
Princess Mary read the paper, and her face began to quiver with
Princess Mary really was disconcerted and red patches came on her
Princess Mary rose and moved to the door, then stopped and said:
Princess Mary saw Dessalles' embarrassed and astonished look fixed
Princess Mary saw them all and saw them in detail. She saw Prince
Princess Mary sighed deeply and thereby acknowledged the justice
Princess Mary sighed, and the expression on her face said: "Yes,
Princess Mary threw a shawl over her head and ran to meet the
Princess Mary turned to Sonya and, trying to stifle the hostile
Princess Mary understood his story and sympathized with him, but she
Princess Mary understood this and appreciated his delicacy.
Princess Mary walked up and down the room and stopped in front of
Princess Mary was first surprised and then aghast at this question.
Princess Mary was not in Moscow and out of danger as Prince Andrew
Princess Mary was sitting helpless and bewildered in the large
Princess Mary with a gentle smile looked now at Pierre and now at
Princess Mary's questions and especially by Natasha's into giving a
Princess Mary's self-esteem would be wounded and his point (not to
Princess Mary's servants were astonished at her energy and firmness of
Princess Mary, and the little princess. Prince Andrew had been
Princess Mary, despite the dissuasions of Alpatych, her nurse, and the
Princess Mary, evidently intimidated and confused that her opinion had
Princess Mary, foreseeing no end to this, rose first, and
Princess Mary: that she purposely worried and irritated him, and
Prishprish, and so on like all those Polish names."
Produced by Curtis Weyant, M and the Online Distributed
Produced by Curtis Weyant, M and the Online Distributed
Produced by Jonathan Ingram, Laura Wisewell and the Online
Produced by Jonathan Ingram, Laura Wisewell and the Online
Progressive and Republican vote exceeded that of the Democrats by
Progressive party practically disappeared, and the Socialists suffered a
Progressive uprising was not a sudden and unexpected one. It had been
Project Gutenberg's Manual of Surgery, by Alexis Thomson and Alexander Miles
Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
Prominent among the new forces were the rising mercantile and business
Prussia, and had just returned from there as a special messenger. He
Przebyszewski and his corps had laid down their arms. Other
Przebyszewski's and Langeron's columns which had already gone down
Public Credit_ under date of January 9, 1790, one of the first and
Puckering up his face though smiling, and showing his short strong
Pugachev or other from killing my children and yours, and Arakcheev
Pultusk and Preussisch-Eylau, was concentrated near Bartenstein. It
Punctuation normalized in all _Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
Purchase Act, and the re-issue of Greenbacks cut away some of the
Puritan rule. The crown and church in England had long looked upon it
Quebec and London.... The Southerners on their part wished for Florida
Questions and answers were heard. The publican, taking advantage
Quite beside himself, Petya, clinching his teeth and rolling his
R. Usher, _The Pilgrims and Their History_.
R.T. Ely, _Monopolies and Trusts_.
Rameau for protection and accepted his favor!" This idea horrified
Ranvier, and in each internode is a nucleus lying between the myelin and
Razumovskis wanted to buy his house and his estate near Moscow, but it
Reasons were found for the incredible, unheard-of, and impossible
Red patches appeared on Princess Mary's face and she was silent as
Redoubt opposite, which had been ours the day before and where several
Redoubt, the Russians fought the battle of Borodino on an open and
Reference: Charles Borgeaud, _Rise of Modern Democracy_, and C.S.
Regulations and--what he had not at all expected--was chairman of a
Relief usually results from bathing, douching, and massage, and from
Remember, dear boy," and he drew Pierre's arm downwards, "it is simply
Repeated and sudden raising of the arterial tension, as a result, for
Representatives and began an open battle with President Taft by
Representatives. To all outward signs a new and formidable party had
Republic. It is true that Grant was not a politician and had never voted
Republican and a Bonapartist will prove: the one that the Convention
Republican parties as hopelessly and shamelessly corrupt and by reason
Republican statesman and "favorite son" of New York.
Republicans and Democrats determined upon shifting some of the burden of
Republicans and Progressives were held simultaneously in Chicago. The
Republicans and the Democrats gave heed to it. In 1882 Congress enacted
Republicans and two Democrats voted against it. Senator Johnson of
Republicans had carried the entire South and New York also and secured
Republicans that this opinion was most widely shared and firmly held. It
Republicans, endorsed the federal amendment and a distinguished
Residence in a warm and dry climate, with an open-air life, has been
Revenues were supplemented by bond issues, mounting in size and interest
Reveries about Sonya had had something merry and playful in them,
Review the history of banks and currency and give the details of the
Revolution, to stifle the press, restrict the suffrage, and restore the
Revolution. Officers and soldiers, who had served in the American war,
Revolution. Treaties of commerce and alliance were drawn up and signed
Revolutionary and Mexican wars had advanced in great numbers to the
Richard Green, "war-song and psalm, state-roll and biography, the mighty
Rioting again appeared: tea was dumped in the harbor of Boston and
Roads and Trails into Western Territory (color map)   _Facing_     224
Roosevelt was brusque, hearty, restless, and fond of action--"a young
Roosevelt's attitude toward the Constitution and the office of
Roosevelt, the governor of New York and the hero of the Rough Riders, so
Rostopchin and on some acquaintances who were back in Moscow, and he
Rostopchin felt this, and it was this which exasperated him.
Rostopchin stood frowning and rubbing his face with his hand.
Rostopchin's orders to burn the barges and had in connection with that
Rostopchin, shouting something in a hoarse voice and making signs to
Rostopchin, though he had patriotic sentiments, was a sanguine and
Rostopchin, took up a Cossack whip and went to the bridge where he
Rostov also rode up and touched the wolf.
Rostov and Denisov drove away with the wounded Dolokhov.
Rostov and Ilyin both glanced under the wet and glistening leather
Rostov and Ilyin gave rein to their horses for a last race along the
Rostov and Ilyin hastened to find a corner where they could change
Rostov and Ilyin were in the merriest of moods. On the way to
Rostov and the assistant went into the dark corridor. The smell
Rostov anticipated his horse's movements and became more and more
Rostov by his title, as if in recognition of his confession. "Go and
Rostov considered, and then went in the direction where they said he
Rostov did not know or remember how he ran to his place and mounted.
Rostov dismounted, gave his horse to the orderly, and followed
Rostov family and the wounded traveling with them were all distributed
Rostov felt Denisov's gaze fixed on him, raised his eyes, and
Rostov felt so ill at ease and uncomfortable with Boris that, when
Rostov from a distance saw with envy and remorse how von Toll spoke
Rostov glanced angrily at Ilyin and without replying strode off with
Rostov had been ordered to look for Kutuzov and the Emperor near the
Rostov had done in 1805, and who saw in him not only all the virtues
Rostov himself, his legs well back and his stomach drawn in and
Rostov laughed so loud and merrily that Denisov, in his bedroom,
Rostov lay down again on his bed and thought complacently: "Let
Rostov let go of the horse and was about to ride on, when a
Rostov lived, as before, with Denisov, and since their furlough they
Rostov looked at the tipsy peasants and smiled.
Rostov meaninglessly, breathless with irrational animal fury and the
Rostov saw tears filling the Emperor's eyes and heard him, as he was
Rostov saw the prisoners being led away and galloped after them to
Rostov smilingly reassured the dragoon and gave him money.
Rostov spurred his horse, called to Sergeant Fedchenko and two other
Rostov staked five rubles on a card and lost, staked again, and
Rostov stopped and, clenching his fists, suddenly and sternly turned
Rostov submitted. He let the eight hundred remain and laid down a
Rostov thrust the purse under the pillow and shook the damp little
Rostov took the letter and, throwing the money on the sofa, put both
Rostov took the money and, mechanically arranging the old and new
Rostov took the money, avoiding Telyanin's eyes, and went out of the
Rostov turned and was about to go, but the man in the braces stopped
Rostov was not far from the trumpeters, and with his keen sight
Rostov waved his cap above his head like the German and cried
Rostov went back into the hall and noticed that in the porch there
Rostov went on ahead to do what was asked, and to his great surprise
Rostov's and back, and back again and again in an instant.
Rostov, Denisov screwed up his face and pointing over his shoulder
Rostov, bowed slightly and wearily, and sat down languidly on the
Rostov, he stopped short and frowned.
Rostov, saying that he was more wily than any of them and that it
Rostov, smoking his pipe and turning his head about as the water
Rostov, still looking round toward the fires and the shouts, rode
Rostov, thanked him, and said he would report his gallant deed to
Rostov, who had just celebrated his promotion to a cornetcy and bought
Rostov, without being dull or angry, was silent, thoughtful, and
Rostov, without knowing why, raised his saber and struck the Frenchman
Rostov, without returning home, took a horse and rode there. There was
Rostov; the soldiers of the third squadron tossed him too, and shouted
Rostova that she was and is perfectly free and that I wish her all
Rostova's abduction had been arranged and the preparations made by
Rostova; but Berg's chief characteristic was such a naive and good
Rostovs and Natasha had said to him: "Are you remaining in
Rostovs and their servants. Marya Dmitrievna, with her spectacles
Rostovs were staying in Yaroslavl, and in what condition Prince Andrew
Rostovs' and wounded men dragged themselves there from the Rostovs'
Rostovs' household a readiness to fall in love and an expectation of
Rostovs' there were other hours he had to spend somehow, and the
Rostovs', promised to come to dinner next day, Sunday, and bring a
Rostovs, and had now, as if purposely, sent his men to the very
Rostovs, and that it was impossible in their presence even to
Rostovs, and the party became unquestionably exactly like all other
Rostovs. All these acquaintances, who had so often dined and danced at
Row, across the river, in the Bazaar and the Povarskoy, as well as the
Running into Sonya's room and not finding her there, Natasha ran
Rupture of a muscle or tendon is usually the result of a sudden, and
Russia also, and the chief culprit was Alexander I, the same man who
Russia and Austria in 1809 had not been sufficiently well concealed
Russia was shaped by the will of one man--Peter the Great--and that
Russia's ancient and sacred capital without a struggle, or are we to
Russia's glory were led to destruction. Go, Princess Mary. Go and tell
Russia, Germany, and France to forego the fruits of conquest.
Russia, and arrived too late to take part in the first actions of
Russia, but could only spoil and lower the glorious position that
Russia, say to our being so frightened, and why are we abandoning
Russia, while on the French side, despite Napoleon's experience and
Russia: legal, administrative, and financial, from the Council of
Russian and French Emperors were staying. In a square he saw tables
Russian and French colors draped from side to side of the streets,
Russian and French voices and laughter filled the air round the tables
Russian and the Austrian. The Guards, just arrived from Russia,
Russian arms and the hope of future triumph. And he was not the only
Russian arms, or the prosperity of the Petersburg and other
Russian army and people avoided a collision till Smolensk was reached,
Russian army from the Ryazana to the Kaluga road and to the Tarutino
Russian army was. One of the Russians understood what was asked and
Russian army, and the member of the Hofkriegsrath who had arrived
Russian army.... You are in a position to seize its baggage and
Russian baggage train, the artillery, and columns of troops were
Russian cellar and brought with them, Ramballe invited Pierre to share
Russian defeats led to the total destruction of their enemy and the
Russian face, and by his walk and the first words he uttered
Russian kaftans. Powdered footmen, in livery with buckled shoes and
Russian monarch, and the war began...
Russian officers and generals after the Tarutino battle, letting it be
Russian position--at the Shevardino Redoubt--and unexpectedly for
Russian soil and told him to transmit those words to Napoleon.
Russian troops and served as heralds of the advance. As soon as an
Russian voices and saw the dark figures of Russian prisoners round
Russian wings, hoping before evening and before the arrival of the
Russian, kindly, and round. When Pierre saw his neighbor next
Russians and might take it amiss that the mistress was being detained.
Russians with Uvarov's cavalry at midday, and on the other side,
Russians, and Jews, who came from countries far removed from the
Russians, was trying to prove that the Russians had surrendered and
Russians, were to operate in Italy and on the Rhine; how fifty
Ryazan road, and the Emperor's letter indicated to him the very
Ryazan, Vladimir, and Shuya was very long and, as post horses were not
Ryder passed his tongue over his parched lips. "I will tell you it just as it happened, sir," said he. "When Horner had been arrested, it seemed to me that it would be best for me to get away with the stone at once, for I did not know at what moment the police might not take it into their heads to search me and my room. There was no place about the hotel where it would be safe. I went out, as if on some commission, and I made for my sister's house. She had married a man named Oakshott, and lived in Brixton Road, where she fattened fowls for the market. All the way there every man I met seemed to me to be a policeman or a detective; and, for all that it was a cold night, the sweat was pouring down my face before I came to the Brixton Road. My sister asked me what was the matter, and why I was so pale; but I told her that I had been upset by the jewel robbery at the hotel. Then I went into the back yard and smoked a pipe and wondered what it would be best to do.
Ryder threw himself down suddenly upon the rug and clutched at my companion's knees. "For God's sake, have mercy!" he shrieked. "Think of my father! Of my mother! It would break their hearts. I never went wrong before! I never will again. I swear it. I'll swear it on a Bible. Oh, don't bring it into court! For Christ's sake, don't!"
S.B. Anthony and I.H. Harper, _History of Woman Suffrage_ (4 vols.).
SECTION 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and
SECTION 1. Full faith and credit shall be given in each State to the
SECTION 2. 1. The judicial power shall extend to all cases, in law and
SECTION 2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent
SECTION 4. 1. The times, places, and manner of holding elections for
SECTION 4. The President, Vice-President, and all civil officers of the
SECTION 6. 1. The senators and representatives shall receive a
SECTION 8. The Congress shall have power: 1. To lay and collect taxes,
Sabbath--a day of rest that began at six o'clock on Saturday evening and
Sacred Heart, and of the consolations the one true Catholic religion
Salem, New Bedford, Newport, Providence, New London, and New Haven.
Sam Houston, Davy Crockett, and John C. Fremont were to lead the way
Samuel Gompers, _Labor and the Common Welfare_.
San Antonio, Tucson, and Santa Barbara! The little state of
Satisfied on these great points and with tranquility everywhere, I
Savannah and Charleston (1780), and the defeat of Gates at Camden.
Savannah and Charleston. Wars, however, are seldom won by the conquest
Savishna in the late princess' rooms and Princess Mary spent most of
Schlappanitz and Bellowitz which cover the enemy's front. For this
Schlappanitz and the Thuerassa forest, avoiding the defiles of
Schlappanitz beyond which we intended to take up our position and
School and to other friends for aiding us in providing new
Schoss and the two girls were to sleep on some hay on the floor.
Schoss was much offended and the young ladies' summer dresses could
Schubert, came up to Denisov's squadron and rode at a footpace not far
Scotch Acts with Bazdeev's notes and explanations. He sat down at
Scotch-Irish, Germans, and all were alike laid.
Scotch-Irish, Germans,--poor in possessions and thrown upon the labor of
Scoundrels!" yelled Kutuzov in a hoarse voice, waving his arms and
Scriptures, but without proper feeling. Brother Urusov came and we
Secondary abscesses must be aspirated or opened and drained whenever
Secondary cancer is a comparatively common disease, and, as in
Secretary Hay had addressed to London, Berlin, Rome, Paris, Tokyo, and
Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
Seeing Anna Mikhaylovna and her son, Prince Vasili dismissed the
Seeing that smile, Rostov involuntarily smiled himself and felt a
Seeing, on the other side, some Cossacks (les Cosaques) and the
Semenovsk had reaped their harvests and pastured their cattle. At
Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a
Senator Beveridge of Indiana and Senator Platt of Connecticut, accepting
Senators and Representatives wrangled over tariff schedules, the
Senators, the initiative, referendum, and recall, commission and city
Sensitive to such stinging thrusts and no friend of wanton persecution,
Separation of an epiphysis nearly always results in infection and
September, and except for a mob in the governor's courtyard, assembled
September, orderlies and servants sent by wounded officers came to the
Serene Highness knows you and will receive you graciously. That's what
Sergey is a fine fellow and clever."
Set up and electrotyped. Published March, 1921.
Several times during the march false alarms had been given and the
Several wounded men passed along the road, and words of abuse,
Seward, the Secretary of State, propose harsh and caustic measures
Shaking himself, he rose, threw back his head, and with resolute steps
Shamshevo quietly without alarming them and then, after joining
Shays and his followers protested against the conduct of creditors in
Shcherbaty, a peasant of his party, to Shamshevo to try and seize at
Shcherbaty--the gap-toothed). Denisov smiled, and Petya burst into a
Shcherbinin, rising and going up to the man in the nightcap who lay
She and Mavra Kuzminichna tried to get as many of the wounded as
She approached him, saw his face, and something gave way within her.
She assumed her dolefully submissive manner and said to her husband:
She began asking Dron about the peasants' needs and what there was
She began to cry and a still greater sense of pity, tenderness,
She caught the young officer by his cuffs, and a look of solemnity
She crossed herself, kissed the icon, and handed it to Andrew.
She did not cease chattering good-naturedly and gaily, continually
She did not know and would not have believed it, but beneath the
She drew near to him and stopped. He took her hand and kissed it.
She finished her game of patience and only then examined the
She got up and, almost crying, began to arrange her wallet. She
She grew confused, glanced round, and, seeing the doll she had
She had determined not to tell her and persuaded her father to
She had not yet gone to bed when the Rostovs arrived and the
She heard, or thought she heard, the names of Kuragin and Bolkonski.
She is rich and of good family and that's all I want."
She led him into the dark drawing room and Pierre was glad no one
She looked at him inquiringly and with childlike reproach.
She looked round and seeing that her friend was not in the room
She nodded to the dressmaker, whom she knew and who had curtsied
She noticed this and attributed it to his general kindness and
She now saw him from the commencement of that scene and relived what
She opened the door and stepped across the threshold and onto the
She passed into the sitting room, stood there thinking awhile, and
She praised the Rostovs' toilets. They praised her taste and toilet,
She pulled up her muslin sleeve and showed him a red scar on her
She pushed the little dog off her lap and smoothed her dress.
She rang for her maid and asked her to sleep in her room.
She returned to the garden and sat down on the grass at the foot
She rose and smoothed her hair, which was as usual so extremely
She roused herself, and felt appalled at what she had been thinking,
She rushed to Sonya, hugged her, and began to cry.
She sat down at the table and listened to the conversation between
She sat in her room crying like a child, blowing her nose and sobbing.
She saw his face, heard his voice, repeated his words and her own,
She seemed that day to be more than ever kind and affectionate to
She simply enjoyed their pleasure and tried to fit in with it.
She smiled at me yesterday and asked me to come again, and I love her,
She started, flushed, and sighed deeply.
She told him about her romance with Prince Andrew and of his visit
She took his arm and with a happy face went with him into the
She trembled all over and sat down on a chair.
She turned away and gave her hand to the count, who could hardly
She turned to go, but he stopped her with a gesture and took an
She vividly recalled the moment when he had his first stroke and was
She was as he had known her almost as a child and later on as Prince
She was even-tempered and calm and quite as cheerful as of old. This
She was evidently unable to speak and made a sign with her hands
She was experiencing a new and peculiar pleasure. Sonya, muttering
She was overcome by sweet sorrow and tears were already rising in
She was speaking as usual in French, and as if after long
She was terribly close to him. She already had power over him, and
She washed, dressed, said her prayers, and went out to the porch. In
She went in and sat down by her husband.
Sherlock Holmes and I had no difficulty in engaging a bedroom and sitting-room at the Crown Inn. They were on the upper floor, and from our window we could command a view of the avenue gate, and of the inhabited wing of Stoke Moran Manor House. At dusk we saw Dr. Grimesby Roylott drive past, his huge form looming up beside the little figure of the lad who drove him. The boy had some slight difficulty in undoing the heavy iron gates, and we heard the hoarse roar of the doctor's voice and saw the fury with which he shook his clinched fists at him. The trap drove on, and a few minutes later we saw a sudden light spring up among the trees as the lamp was lit in one of the sitting-rooms.
Sherlock Holmes and I surveyed this curt announcement and the rueful face behind it, until the comical side of the affair so completely overtopped every other consideration that we both burst out into a roar of laughter.
Sherlock Holmes closed his eyes and placed his elbows upon the arms of his chair, with his finger-tips together. "The ideal reasoner," he remarked, "would, when he had once been shown a single fact in all its bearings, deduce from it not only all the chain of events which led up to it but also all the results which would follow from it. As Cuvier could correctly describe a whole animal by the contemplation of a single bone, so the observer who has thoroughly understood one link in a series of incidents should be able to accurately state all the other ones, both before and after. We have not yet grasped the results which the reason alone can attain to. Problems may be solved in the study which have baffled all those who have sought a solution by the aid of their senses. To carry the art, however, to its highest pitch, it is necessary that the reasoner should be able to utilise all the facts which have come to his knowledge; and this in itself implies, as you will readily see, a possession of all knowledge, wh

Sherlock Holmes had been leaning back in his chair with his eyes closed and his head sunk in a cushion, but he half opened his lids now and glanced across at his visitor.
Sherlock Holmes had opened his mouth to reply, when the door flew open, and Peterson, the commissionaire, rushed into the apartment with flushed cheeks and the face of a man who is dazed with astonishment.
Sherlock Holmes had sprung out and seized the intruder by the collar. The other dived down the hole, and I heard the sound of rending cloth as Jones clutched at his skirts. The light flashed upon the barrel of a revolver, but Holmes' hunting crop came down on the man's wrist, and the pistol clinked upon the stone floor.
Sherlock Holmes laughed. "Here is the foresight," said he putting his finger upon the little disc and loop of the hat-securer. "They are never sold upon hats. If this man ordered one, it is a sign of a certain amount of foresight, since he went out of his way to take this precaution against the wind. But since we see that he has broken the elastic and has not troubled to replace it, it is obvious that he has less foresight now than formerly, which is a distinct proof of a weakening nature. On the other hand, he has endeavoured to conceal some of these stains upon the felt by daubing them with ink, which is a sign that he has not entirely lost his self-respect."
Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his chair and laughed heartily.
Sherlock Holmes looked deeply chagrined. He drew a sovereign from his pocket and threw it down upon the slab, turning away with the air of a man whose disgust is too deep for words. A few yards off he stopped under a lamp-post and laughed in the hearty, noiseless fashion which was peculiar to him.
Sherlock Holmes sat down beside him on the couch and patted him kindly on the shoulder.
Sherlock Holmes sat for some time in silence, with his head sunk forward and his eyes bent upon the red glow of the fire. Then he lit his pipe, and leaning back in his chair he watched the blue smoke-rings as they chased each other up to the ceiling.
Sherlock Holmes sat silent for a few minutes with his fingertips still pressed together, his legs stretched out in front of him, and his gaze directed upward to the ceiling. Then he took down from the rack the old and oily clay pipe, which was to him as a counsellor, and, having lit it, he leaned back in his chair, with the thick blue cloud-wreaths spinning up from him, and a look of infinite languor in his face.
Sherlock Holmes sat silent for some few minutes, with his brows knitted and his eyes fixed upon the fire.
Sherlock Holmes took a folded paper from his pocket and flattened it out on the table. "This is a map of the Colony of Victoria," he said. "I wired to Bristol for it last night." He put his hand over part of the map. "What do you read?"
Sherlock Holmes took it up and opened the bureau.
Sherlock Holmes was not very communicative during the long drive and lay back in the cab humming the tunes which he had heard in the afternoon. We rattled through an endless labyrinth of gas-lit streets until we emerged into Farrington Street.
Sherlock Holmes was transformed when he was hot upon such a scent as this. Men who had only known the quiet thinker and logician of Baker Street would have failed to recognise him. His face flushed and darkened. His brows were drawn into two hard black lines, while his eyes shone out from beneath them with a steely glitter. His face was bent downward, his shoulders bowed, his lips compressed, and the veins stood out like whipcord in his long, sinewy neck. His nostrils seemed to dilate with a purely animal lust for the chase, and his mind was so absolutely concentrated upon the matter before him that a question or remark fell unheeded upon his ears, or, at the most, only provoked a quick, impatient snarl in reply. Swiftly and silently he made his way along the track which ran through the meadows, and so by way of the woods to the Boscombe Pool. It was damp, marshy ground, as is all that district, and there were marks of many feet, both upon the path and amid the short grass which bounded it on either side. So

Sherlock Holmes was wrong in his conjecture, however, for there came a step in the passage and a tapping at the door. He stretched out his long arm to turn the lamp away from himself and towards the vacant chair upon which a newcomer must sit.
Sherlock Holmes was, as I expected, lounging about his sitting-room in his dressing-gown, reading the agony column of The Times and smoking his before-breakfast pipe, which was composed of all the plugs and dottles left from his smokes of the day before, all carefully dried and collected on the corner of the mantelpiece. He received us in his quietly genial fashion, ordered fresh rashers and eggs, and joined us in a hearty meal. When it was concluded he settled our new acquaintance upon the sofa, placed a pillow beneath his head, and laid a glass of brandy and water within his reach.
Sherlock Holmes' quick eye took in my occupation, and he shook his head with a smile as he noticed my questioning glances. "Beyond the obvious facts that he has at some time done manual labour, that he takes snuff, that he is a Freemason, that he has been in China, and that he has done a considerable amount of writing lately, I can deduce nothing else."
Sherren's work on _Injuries of Nerves and their Treatment_.
Shinshin and the other male visitors on his right. Midway down the
Shinshin. "He has stopped Austria's cackle and I fear it will be our
Shishkov, and told him to write an order to the troops and a
Shishkov, the Secretary of State and one of the chief
Shy and modest in manner, halting in speech, disliking the turmoil of
Sidorov, turning to the French, winked, and began to jabber
Silesian linens and woolens, but, fearing England's command of the sea,
Simon sighed and stooped to straighten the leash a young borzoi
Since Bennigsen, who corresponded with the Emperor and had more
Since the introduction of the methods of treatment described above, and
Since their marriage Natasha and her husband had lived in Moscow, in
Since then Pierre had not been disturbed and had spent the whole
Sistine Madonna was depicted playing at stick and ball. The ball
Sitting at table with the officers and tearing the fat savory mutton
Sitting silent and motionless on a heap of straw against the wall,
Six weeks after Anna Pavlovna's "At Home" and after the sleepless
Six weeks later he was married, and settled in Count Bezukhov's
Slav clergy read and which acts so irresistibly on a Russian heart.
Slave and Free Soil on the Eve of the Civil War                    335
Slight variations in the size, shape, and weight of rifle bullets, for
Slipping onto their haunches and sliding, the horses descended with
Slowly and solemnly he was borne into Briony Lodge and laid out in the principal room, while I still observed the proceedings from my post by the window. The lamps had been lit, but the blinds had not been drawn, so that I could see Holmes as he lay upon the couch. I do not know whether he was seized with compunction at that moment for the part he was playing, but I know that I never felt more heartily ashamed of myself in my life than when I saw the beautiful creature against whom I was conspiring, or the grace and kindliness with which she waited upon the injured man. And yet it would be the blackest treachery to Holmes to draw back now from the part which he had intrusted to me. I hardened my heart, and took the smoke-rocket from under my ulster. After all, I thought, we are not injuring her. We are but preventing her from injuring another.
Small shot fired at longer ranges--over about a hundred and fifty
Smolensk and Vyazma. Denisov came from those parts and knew the
Smolensk, asking him to let her know the state of affairs and the
Smolensk?" continued Rapp. "The wine is drawn and must be drunk."
So he answered those who thought that trusts and railway combinations
So naturally, simply, and gradually--just as he had come from Turkey
So the countess remained in the country, and the count, taking Sonya
So the histories say, and it is all quite wrong, as anyone who cares
So the swishing sound of the strokes, and the desperate but
So thought Prince Andrew as he listened to the talking, and he
So thought the Emperor, and the Russian commanders and people were
Sobbing, she kissed and comforted Natasha. "If only he lives!" she
Society! Well, and what harm is there in that?" and she rose
Soil party, condemning slavery as "a sin against God and a crime against
Sokolniki forest and found Dolokhov, Denisov, and Rostov already
Soldiers and militiamen ran bareheaded past Pierre toward the
Some Americans, while resenting the hasty and often superficial
Some are normally present--for instance, that between the skin and the
Some beat and tore at Vereshchagin, others at the tall youth. And
Some five male domestic serfs, big and little, rushed out to the
Some historians--those biographical and specialist historians
Some of the generals, in low tones and in a strain very different
Some of the soldiers were frightened and ran away, others went on
Some swarthy men and women were really entering from the cold
Someone spoke her name in a soft and tender voice from the garden
Someone stopped at the gate, and the latch rattled as someone tried to
Someone was snoring under them, and around them stood saddled horses
Something cracked in the flames. The fire died down for a moment and
Something not human--death--was breaking in through that door, and had
Sometimes it occurred to Natasha that he not wish to see her, and
Sometimes the lymphadenitis is of an acute character, and the tendency
Sometimes the old count would come up, kiss Prince Andrew, and ask
Sometimes they are multiple, and they may be met with in several members
Sometimes when she recalled his looks, his sympathy, and his
Sonya and Natasha slept in the sitting room without undressing.
Sonya and fat little Petya doubled up with laughter.
Sonya and sat down, scanning the brilliant tiers of boxes opposite.
Sonya and the maids were holding her arms.
Sonya began watching her friend still more attentively and noticed
Sonya burst into hysterical tears and replied through her sobs
Sonya could not continue, and again hid her face in her hands and in
Sonya did not pull it away, and left off crying. Natasha, not
Sonya embraced Natasha and kissed her.
Sonya had not seen anything, she was just wanting to blink and to
Sonya heard this and Natasha's whisper:
Sonya jumped out of the coach and ran to the countess. The countess,
Sonya sat down and Natasha pinned the ribbon on differently.
Sonya sat down before the glasses, got the right position, and began
Sonya sat up and began wiping her eyes and explaining.
Sonya sat up. The little kitten brightened, its eyes shone, and it
Sonya sighed and made no reply. The count, Petya, Madame Schoss,
Sonya sighed and shook her head incredulously.
Sonya too, all rosy red, clung to his arm and, radiant with bliss,
Sonya trembled all over and blushed to her ears and behind them
Sonya was more tender and devoted to him than ever. It was as if she
Sonya was not less agitated than her friend by the latter's fear and
Sonya was softened, excited, and touched by all that had occurred
Sonya was unhappy at the separation from Nicholas and still more
Sonya went up to the countess and, kneeling down, kissed her hand.
Sonya wiped away her tears and went up to Natasha, again scanning
Sonya's costume was the best of all. Her mustache and eyebrows
Sonya's thin little shoulders, Natasha's eyes and laughter, Denisov
Sonya, Natasha, Petya, Anna Mikhaylovna, Vera, and the old count
Sonya, and being reminded by the smell of burnt cork of the
Sonya, glanced at what she was doing, and then went up to her mother
Sonya, shaking off some down which clung to her and tucking away the
Sonya--who sat weary but resolute at the samovar--and questioned
Sonya. But their eyes met and said thou, and exchanged tender
Sonya. The autumn in Otradnoe with the hunting, and the winter with
Soon after their arrival in Petersburg Berg proposed to Vera and was
Soon after this, Ermolov moved up to Kutuzov and respectfully
Soon he really shut his eyes and fell asleep. He did not sleep
Sounds of crying and screaming came from somewhere in the distance
Sounds of hoofs and shouts were nearing the village.
South Carolina and Georgia, however, the anti-slavery views of
South Carolina assemblies indorsed the Circular Letter and were also
South Carolina rescinded her ordinance and enacted another nullifying
South Dakota, Washington, and Montana. In 1890, a Republican Congress
South and largely in the North, they had the press, the schools, and the
South, which sharply divided the whites and in many communities threw
South: economic and political views, 309ff.
Southern coast, linking Richmond, Charleston, and Savannah with the
Southern economy was decidedly in favor of extending and perpetuating,
Southern leaders, the annexation of Texas and the conquest of Mexico
Southern members voted for assumption to pass the bill, and a majority
Southern planters found themselves excluded from public office and ruled
Southern statesmen like Calhoun to hold the West and the South together
Southern statesmen wanted connections between the Gulf and the Pacific
Sovereign and country, order a retreat."
Spain and had shown his countrymen how easy it was to reach Santa Fe
Spain won Florida and Minorca but not the coveted Gibraltar. France
Spain: and Revolution, 130
Spaniards; and seriously did he urge the East not to neglect them, lest
Speaker's sway by ousting him from the rules committee and depriving him
Speaking of the interaction of heat and electricity and of atoms, we
Special reference: Weeden, _Economic and Social History of New England_.
Speranski and Magnitski have been deported to their proper place.
Speranski and participating in the work of the legislative commission,
Speranski smiled and said he could not judge of the advantage or
Speranski's little daughter (long-faced like her father) and her
Speranski--the news of whose sudden exile and alleged treachery had
Springfield in 1636 and Great Barrington in 1725. By the opening of the
Springs, founded the town, and encouraged local improvements. Denver
Squanto and Samoset teaching the Pilgrims the ways of the wilds; of
Square for fuel and kindled fires there.
Stars and Stripes were raised over St. Croix, St. Thomas, St. John, and
State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the United States,
State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be
Statehood meant to the pioneers self-government, dignity, and the right
States Senators, an income tax, and other liberal measures. President
States and all territory subject to the jurisdiction thereof for
States and that the wrong should be righted by a restoration of the
States, and a majority of all the States shall be necessary to a choice.
States, and with the Indian tribes;
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
States_ (6th ed.), Sections 122-125, 154, and 378; MacDonald,
Stewart protopathic sensation commences to appear in about six weeks and
Stiffness from adhesions is most intractable, and may, in spite of every
Still greater coherence and inevitability is seen in the life of
Still less does the history of authors and reformers explain to us
Still smiling, she gracefully moved away, turning and glancing at
Still the cannon balls continued regularly to whistle and flop
Still, I will take Boris and go to see him at once, and I shall
Stolypin about his vehemence. Gervais intervened with a joke, and
Street they halted and drew in the Square. Several French officers
Such a system seemed plausible enough to King George III and to many
Such was the settlement at Paris and such was the association of nations
Suddenly Pierre heaved a deep sigh and dumped his heavy person
Suddenly a distant shout aroused him. He started and opened his eyes.
Suddenly and simultaneously a crowd of memories awoke in his
Suddenly everybody stirred, began talking, and pressed forward and
Suddenly he heard musket fire quite close in front of him and behind
Suddenly he sniffed and put his face closer to the window.
Suddenly her door opened softly and her old nurse, Praskovya Savishna,
Suddenly something happened: the young officer gave a gasp and
Suddenly there was the momentary gleam of a light up in the direction of the ventilator, which vanished immediately, but was succeeded by a strong smell of burning oil and heated metal. Someone in the next room had lit a dark-lantern. I heard a gentle sound of movement, and then all was silent once more, though the smell grew stronger. For half an hour I sat with straining ears. Then suddenly another sound became audible--a very gentle, soothing sound, like that of a small jet of steam escaping continually from a kettle. The instant that we heard it, Holmes sprang from the bed, struck a match, and lashed furiously with his cane at the bell-pull.
Supper was over, and Pierre who at first declined to speak about his
Susquehanna, and, in 1726, the first farmhouse was built on the bank
Suvorov, of the host's father and mother, and of himself in military
Suvorov-like, in a kibitka, and is received with acclamations of joy
Swaying his head and smiling as if amused at himself, the officer
Syncope, shock, and collapse are clinical conditions which, although
T.C. Smith, _Parties and Slavery_ (American Nation Series).
T.S. Adams and H. Sumner, _Labor Problems_.
Taft, was selected by the President and charged with the government of
Take her to your room and I'll go to Father. How is he? Just the
Talma, la Duchenois, Potier, the Sorbonne, the boulevards," and
Tarutino and Malo-Yaroslavets, and make conjectures as to what would
Tarutino and Vyazma, to hastening it on while easing the movement of
Tarutino; the news of easy successes gained by peasants and
Tarutino; the reports coming in from all sides of the inactivity and
Taxation: and representation, 149
Taylor. By these acts the boundaries of Texas were adjusted and the
Tea Act and the colonial boycott that followed. In 1773 it agreed to
Telyanin and Bogdanich. That affair was the same thing as this soldier
Telyanin, and he went out to give the order.
Telyanin, taking up his cap and moving toward a small empty room.
Telyanin. Rostov, feeling that he was at the front and in the power of
Tendon sheaths have the same structure and function as the synovial
Tennessee, and the sugar planters of Louisiana developed into a
Terrible and by his correspondence with Kurbski?
Territories those twin relics of barbarism, polygamy and slavery." In
Tertiary lesions of the _bones and joints_, of the _muscles_, and of the
Texas and the Territory in Dispute                                 282
Texas at the Nueces River and a line drawn thence in a northerly
Texas, and California.
Texas," two other cries, "The Reoccupation of Oregon," and "Fifty-four
Thanks to Anna Mikhaylovna's efforts, his own tastes, and the
Thanks to the schools, few and scattered as they were, and to the
Thanks to the strictness and assiduity of its commander the
That Napoleon agreed with Mouton, and that the army retreated,
That amputation for senile gangrene performed between the ankle and the
That army, like a herd of cattle run wild and trampling underfoot
That arousing of the people by their sovereign and his call to
That doctrine was applied with effect to George III and seemed
That evening Marya Dmitrievna was going to the Akharovs' and
That evening, proud of Dolokhov's proposal, her refusal, and her
That feeling of alertness and of readiness for anything was still
That impulse was reasonable. The condition of fugitives and of
That inexorable, eternal, distant, and unknown the presence of which
That morning Petya was a long time dressing and arranging his hair and
That movement from the Nizhni to the Ryazan, Tula, and Kaluga
That night another wounded man was driven down the Povarskaya, and
That simple, modest, and therefore truly great, figure could not
That soldier passed on, and after him came another sitting on a
That winter the Karagins' house was the most agreeable and
That's all poetry and old wives' talk--all that doing good to one's
That's the sort of man he is, and nothing more," replied Dolgorukov,
The Black Swan is an inn of repute in the High Street, at no distance from the station, and there we found the young lady waiting for us. She had engaged a sitting-room, and our lunch awaited us upon the table.
The Boscombe Pool, which is a little reed-girt sheet of water some fifty yards across, is situated at the boundary between the Hatherley Farm and the private park of the wealthy Mr. Turner. Above the woods which lined it upon the farther side we could see the red, jutting pinnacles which marked the site of the rich landowner's dwelling. On the Hatherley side of the pool the woods grew very thick, and there was a narrow belt of sodden grass twenty paces across between the edge of the trees and the reeds which lined the lake. Lestrade showed us the exact spot at which the body had been found, and, indeed, so moist was the ground, that I could plainly see the traces which had been left by the fall of the stricken man. To Holmes, as I could see by his eager face and peering eyes, very many other things were to be read upon the trampled grass. He ran round, like a dog who is picking up a scent, and then turned upon my companion.
The British were in fact battered and worn down by a guerrilla war and
The Church was also sanctioned by law and supported by taxes in the
The Congress drew up a declaration of American rights and stated in
The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from
The Cossack raised his arm and a shot rang out. In an instant the
The Cossack was sent for and questioned. The Cossack officers wished
The Cossacks carried off what they could to their camps, and the
The Cossacks sold the horse for two gold pieces, and Rostov, being
The Emperor Napoleon had not yet left his bedroom and was
The Emperor began to breathe heavily and rapidly, his lower lip
The Emperor ceased speaking, the crowd began pressing round him, and
The Emperor drew level with Rostov and halted. Alexander's face
The Emperor greeted the officers and the Semenov guard, and again
The Emperor knit his brows with dissatisfaction and, glancing
The Emperor said a few words to him and took a step toward his
The Emperor thanked Prince Andrew and bowed. Prince Andrew
The Emperor turned with a smile to one of his followers and made a
The Emperor was pale, his cheeks sunken and his eyes hollow, but the
The Emperor went in, and after that the greater part of the crowd
The Emperor without waiting for an answer turned away and said to
The Emperor's manifesto was read, evoking enthusiasm, and then all
The Emperors remounted and rode away. The Preobrazhensk battalion,
The English have not understood and cannot understand the
The Englishman took out his purse and began counting out the
The French evacuation began on the night between the sixth and
The French had attacked the battery and, seeing Kutuzov, were firing
The French had been repulsed for the last time. And again and
The French line was wider than ours, and it was plain that they
The French onlookers and listeners laughed.
The French soldiers went to kill and be killed at the battle of
The French who had occupied the battery fled, and our troops
The French, who had ceased firing at this field strewn with dead and
The Frenchman glanced around uneasily and then, as if overcoming his
The Frenchman looked at his guilty face and smiled.
The Frenchman, having pushed his head and hands through, without
The German laughed, came out of the cowshed, pulled off his cap, and
The King took a heavy chamois leather bag from under his cloak and laid it on the table.
The Lord St. Simon marriage, and its curious termination, have long ceased to be a subject of interest in those exalted circles in which the unfortunate bridegroom moves. Fresh scandals have eclipsed it, and their more piquant details have drawn the gossips away from this four-year-old drama. As I have reason to believe, however, that the full facts have never been revealed to the general public, and as my friend Sherlock Holmes had a considerable share in clearing the matter up, I feel that no memoir of him would be complete without some little sketch of this remarkable episode.
The Mason cleared his throat huskily, as old men do, and called
The Mason did not move and for a long time said nothing after this
The Mason looked intently at Pierre and smiled as a rich man with
The Oregon Country and the Disputed Boundary                       285
The Project Gutenberg EBook of War and Peace, by Leo Tolstoy
The Russians retreated eighty miles--to beyond Moscow--and the
The Russians stood in serried ranks behind Semenovsk village and its
The Russians, half of whom died, did all that could and should
The Tsar looked intently and observantly into Kutuzov's eye
The Tsar said something more which Rostov did not hear, and the
The _clinical features_ associated with rupture are sudden and severe
The _clinical features_ resemble those of other pyogenic infections, and
The _clinical features_ vary with the site of the aneurysm and with its
The _counteraction of the toxaemia_ and the _treatment of the bloodless
The _diagnosis_ is often a matter of considerable difficulty, and the
The _diagnosis_ of lupus is founded on the chronic progress and long
The _discharge_ as to quantity, consistence, colour, composition, and
The _external carotid_ and the cervical portion of the _internal
The _fascia lata of the thigh_ is widely and successfully used as a
The _ivory_ or _compact osteoma_ is composed of dense bone, and usually
The _local_ manifestations are pain and swelling in the region of the
The _nerves_ enter the marrow along with the arteries, and, being
The _periosteum_ is thick and vascular, and when detached carries with
The _peritoneum_ of hydrocele and hernial sacs and of the omentum
The _prognosis_ in burns depends on (1) the superficial extent, and, to
The _prognosis_ is always grave, and depends on the possibility of
The _pulse_ is always increased in frequency, and usually varies
The _scorbutic ulcer_ occurs in patients suffering from scurvy, and is
The _second period_ begins when the shock passes off, and lasts till the
The _tendo calcaneus_ (Achillis) is comparatively easily ruptured, and
The _terminations_ vary with the gravity of the infection and with the
The _treatment_ consists in inducing hyperaemia and making small
The _treatment_ consists in putting the affected tendon at rest, and
The _treatment_ consists in the wearing of properly fitting boots and
The _treatment_ varies according to the variety and stage of the
The _treatment_ varies with the cause and nature of the lesion. When,
The account Pierre gave of the incident with the child and the woman
The actions of Napoleon and Alexander, on whose words the event
The acute symptoms gradually subside, and the blood is slowly absorbed,
The adjutant bent his head affirmatively and began to report, but
The adjutant galloped to Claparede's division and a few minutes
The affected bone is not only thicker and heavier than normal, but may
The affected muscles show swellings which are rounded or oval, firm and
The affected vessels slowly increase in size, and become tortuous, with
The aim of cutting off Napoleon and his army never existed except in
The ancient historians all employed one and the same method to
The aneurysm is usually of the sacculated variety, and may spring from
The aneurysm usually springs from the third part of the artery, and
The angry borzois whined and getting free of the leash rushed past the
The appetite is lost, the tongue dry and covered with a thin
The application of radium and the ingestion of radio-active waters have
The army turned more to the south, along the Ryazan road and nearer to
The army was moving from west to east, and relays of six horses
The assembly of New York, protesting against the "ruinous and
The assistant looked fagged out. He was evidently vexed and
The banker's dressing-room was a plainly furnished little chamber, with a grey carpet, a large bureau, and a long mirror. Holmes went to the bureau first and looked hard at the lock.
The beautiful Armenian still sat motionless and in the same
The beekeeper opens the upper part of the hive and examines the
The bells in the Kremlin were ringing for vespers, and this sound
The beneficial effects of _hot fomentations and poultices_ depend on
The black, hairy, snub-nosed face of Vaska Denisov, and his whole
The blood rushed to Natasha's face and her feet involuntarily moved,
The blood rushed to Petya's face and he grasped his pistol.
The blood therefore loses more and more of its oxygen, and so fails to
The bones show a feeble shadow with the X-rays, and appear thin and
The booming cannonade and the fusillade of musketry were growing
The building was of grey, lichen-blotched stone, with a high central portion and two curving wings, like the claws of a crab, thrown out on each side. In one of these wings the windows were broken and blocked with wooden boards, while the roof was partly caved in, a picture of ruin. The central portion was in little better repair, but the right-hand block was comparatively modern, and the blinds in the windows, with the blue smoke curling up from the chimneys, showed that this was where the family resided. Some scaffolding had been erected against the end wall, and the stone-work had been broken into, but there were no signs of any workmen at the moment of our visit. Holmes walked slowly up and down the ill-trimmed lawn and examined with deep attention the outsides of the windows.
The bursa _between the ligamentum patellae and the tibia_ is rarely the
The bursa _between the psoas muscle and the capsule of the hip-joint_
The bursa _between the tendo-calcaneus (Achillis) and the upper part of
The bustle and terror of the Rostovs' last days in Moscow stifled
The canals and railways were the physical signs of this economic union,
The cannonade was dying down, but the rattle of musketry behind and on
The captain had their senior sergeant called in, and in a stern
The captain returned to the room, limping slightly and whistling a
The captain was so naively and good-humoredly gay, so real, and so
The card tables were drawn out, sets made up for boston, and the
The carpets yielded and the lid closed; Natasha, clapping her hands,
The caseation of tuberculous granulation tissue and its liquefaction is
The cause of the disease and its true nature are as yet unknown. There
The chanting of the service ceased, and the voice of the priest
The child moved slightly in his sleep, smiled, and rubbed his
The children and their governesses were glad of Pierre's return
The chloride and lactate of calcium, and extract of thymus gland have
The city police is established on its former footing, and better
The clergy became a powerful class, dominant through their learning and
The climate, the soil, the commerce, and the industry of the North were
The clinical features of the acquired disease in infants and young
The coexistence of diffuse myelomatosis of the skeleton and albumosuria
The coin was a new one. Rostov rose and went up to Telyanin.
The colonel deliberately stopped the regiment and turned to
The combatants advanced along the trodden tracks, nearer and
The condition begins by the formation in the skin and subcutaneous
The conditions of the skull known as Parrot's nodes or bosses, and
The conditions vary widely in different cases, and the treatment should
The connection, however, is not a close one, and the artery when divided
The consciousness that this would be so and would always be so was
The contents of the sac consist of fluid blood and a varying amount of
The contrast between the grossly enlarged and misshapen tibia and the
The conversation did not flag all evening and turned chiefly on
The conversation ended by the count, who wished to be generous and
The conversation flagged, and the soldiers began settling down to
The conversation was cold and disconnected and continually broke
The convicts stopped when they reached the post and, while sacks
The cook and a shop assistant came to the gate. With lively
The count and Simon galloped out of the wood and saw on their left a
The count and Simon were looking at him.
The count danced well and knew it. But his partner could not and did
The count frowned and coughed.
The count jumped up and, swaying from side to side, spread his
The count nodded affirmatively, and Natasha, at the rapid pace at
The count ordered his carriage that he might drive to Sokolniki, and
The count put his ear to the keyhole and listened.
The count remembered the wolf he had let slip and his encounter with
The count returned and lay down behind the partition. The countess
The count sat between them and listened attentively. His favorite
The count stood by the window and listened without turning round.
The count turned and saw on his right Mitka staring at him with eyes
The count walked up and down the hall in his dressing gown, giving
The count was the first to rise, and with a loud sigh crossed
The count, laughing, nudged the blushing Sonya and pointed to her
The countess had a headache brought on by all the noise and turmoil
The countess lifted her head and looked attentively at her daughter.
The countess opened her eyes in dismay and, seizing Sonya's arm,
The countess put her arms around Sonya and began to cry.
The countess was lying in an armchair in a strange and awkward
The countess was now over sixty, was quite gray, and wore a cap with
The countess was upset by her friend's sorrow and humiliating
The countess' eyes filled with tears and she pondered in silence.
The countess, Madame Schoss, and Sonya undressed hastily and lay
The crowd ran after the Emperor, followed him to the palace, and
The crowd remained silent and only pressed closer and closer to
The crowd round the icon suddenly parted and pressed against Pierre.
The curtain rose again. Anatole left the box, serene and gay.
The dancer stopped, pulled off the loose piece of leather, and threw
The day after the opera the Rostovs went nowhere and nobody came
The day after the review, Boris, in his best uniform and with his
The day was clear and frosty. Kutuzov rode to Dobroe on his plump
The deltoid is wasted, and the acromion unduly prominent. In recent
The deposit of fibrin on the synovial membrane and on the articular
The device blazoned on its shield and written over its factory doors was
The diet must be a liberal one, and should include those articles which
The dilated and tortuous vein can be readily seen and felt when the
The dinner was nearly over, and the Emperor, munching a biscuit,
The diplomatic corps and the Emperor himself were to be present.
The discharge is profuse, thin, acrid, and offensive, and consists of
The discoloration begins to fade within a few hours, and after the
The discussion recommenced, but pauses frequently occurred and
The discussions continued a long time, and the longer they lasted
The disease is commonest in the nerves of the upper extremity, and the
The disease is generally poly-articular and may be met with in childhood
The disease is met with in boys who are otherwise healthy, and usually
The disease is most common and most severe among the children of the
The disease lasts for from two or three days to as many weeks, and
The disease may extend to the synovial membrane and be attended with
The disease may persist or may relapse, and the patient may be laid up
The disease progresses slowly, healing in some places and spreading at
The disease runs a chronic course, and may slowly extend over a wide
The disease spreads throughout the capsule and synovial membrane, which
The disease tends to spread spasmodically and irregularly, and the
The disposition of the German colonies and the old Ottoman empire
The dispositions were very complicated and difficult. They began
The distension of these sinuses with blood closes the valve and
The distinguishing features of the lipoma are the tacking down and
The doctor came every day, felt her pulse, looked at her tongue, and
The doctor cast a rapid glance upwards and silently shrugged his
The doctor entered. Prince Andrew went out and, meeting Princess
The doctor promised to procure it for him and began to ask how he
The doctor said this restlessness did not mean anything and was
The doctor seemed tired and in a hurry.
The doctor tried to stop her. She pushed him aside and ran to her
The doctor who attended Pierre and visited him every day, though
The doctor, who was fetched that same night, bled him and said
The door of Briony Lodge was open, and an elderly woman stood upon the steps. She watched us with a sardonic eye as we stepped from the brougham.
The door of the Governor's room opened and they all rose and moved
The door opened and the old prince, in a dress, ing gown and a white
The dressing may be renewed at intervals, and care must be taken to
The duel between Pierre and Dolokhov was hushed up and, in spite
The duties imposed on the League and the obligations accepted by its
The economic aspects of the period between 1865 and 1900 may be readily
The effect of the Civil War upon these divisions was immediate and
The eighth and largest group, which in its enormous numbers was to
The ejaculation had been drawn from my companion by the fact that our door had been suddenly dashed open, and that a huge man had framed himself in the aperture. His costume was a peculiar mixture of the professional and of the agricultural, having a black top-hat, a long frock-coat, and a pair of high gaiters, with a hunting-crop swinging in his hand. So tall was he that his hat actually brushed the cross bar of the doorway, and his breadth seemed to span it across from side to side. A large face, seared with a thousand wrinkles, burned yellow with the sun, and marked with every evil passion, was turned from one to the other of us, while his deep-set, bile-shot eyes, and his high, thin, fleshless nose, gave him somewhat the resemblance to a fierce old bird of prey.
The eldest princess and Prince Vasili, recovering themselves, followed
The electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by ballot
The embedded foreign body at first acts as an irritant, and induces a
The enemy ceased firing, and that stern, threatening, inaccessible,
The enormous swelling and its rapid development may suggest the growth
The events of the previous year: the burning of Moscow and the
The exhausted French officer was Ramballe and the man with his
The external investment--the _periosteum_--is thick and vascular during
The eyes of the general and the soldier met. The general became
The face is flushed, and wears a drawn, anxious expression, and the eyes
The face of the little princess changed. She sighed and said:
The faces of officers and men brightened up at the sound. Everyone
The fanciful idea of an electoral college of "good and wise men,"
The farther forward and nearer the enemy he went, the more orderly
The fascia and skin should be brought into accurate apposition by
The fat man cast his eyes round, and then up at the open skylight.
The father and mother came into the room and gave the betrothed
The father and mother did not speak of the matter to their son
The firemen had been much perturbed at the strange arrangements which they had found within, and still more so by discovering a newly severed human thumb upon a window-sill of the second floor. About sunset, however, their efforts were at last successful, and they subdued the flames, but not before the roof had fallen in, and the whole place been reduced to such absolute ruin that, save some twisted cylinders and iron piping, not a trace remained of the machinery which had cost our unfortunate acquaintance so dearly. Large masses of nickel and of tin were discovered stored in an out-house, but no coins were to be found, which may have explained the presence of those bulky boxes which have been already referred to.
The fires and shouting in the enemy's army were occasioned by the
The first evidence is that the fingers become cold, white, and
The first night after they left Moscow had been fairly warm and he had
The first party consisted of Pfuel and his adherents--military
The first symptom is usually a swelling of the joint and its vicinity.
The first time Prince Andrew understood where he was and what was
The first troops started at once, and during the night they
The fog had begun to clear and enemy troops were already dimly
The followers of the General were enraged and demanded nothing short of
The fruits and vegetables of California brought into existence
The fundamental and essential significance of the European events of
The further stages--reddening, undermining of skin and external rupture,
The gap in the muscle becomes filled with blood, and this in time is
The general bowed his head respectfully, and the monarch mounted and
The general frowned, turned away, and went on.
The general had a fit of coughing as a result of shouting and of the
The general had so wished to do this and was so sorry he had not
The general treatment consists in feeding and stimulating the patient as
The general treatment of toxaemia must be carried out, and in cases due
The general's face clouded, his lips quivered and trembled. He
The girl smiled and took it. Nesvitski like the rest of the men on
The gloves may be sterilised by steam, and are then put on dry, or by
The gonococcus is carried to the joint in the blood-stream and is first
The government and faith of the dissenting denominations conspired with
The governor's wife led him up to a tall and very stout old lady
The great contest was over. All the states, except North Carolina and
The great halls were full. In the first were the nobility and gentry
The great natural forces lie outside us and we are not conscious
The greatest difficulty is met with in the knee and hip, where the
The groom, the coachman, and the innkeeper told Pierre that an
The guests got up and took their leave, promising to return to
The guests welcomed Pierre because he always helped to enliven and
The guns emerged at a trot from the column following Murat and
The hall porter sullenly pulled a bell that rang upstairs, and
The headquarters were situated two miles away from Salzeneck, and
The higher the sun rose the higher rose that cloud of dust, and
The historians consider that, next to the battle of Borodino and the
The history of culture explains to us the impulses and conditions of
The horses stepped over the field as over a thick carpet, now and
The hounds were joined into one pack, and "Uncle" and Nicholas
The huntsman stood halfway up the knoll holding up his whip and
The hussar only sighed without replying and coughed angrily. The
The hussars and Cossacks crowded round the prisoners; one offered
The hussars crowded round and responded heartily with loud shouts.
The ice bore him but it swayed and creaked, and it was plain that it
The idea of being made a fool of and of having thrown away that
The idea of combination was applied in time to iron and steel, copper,
The idea of defeat and flight could not enter Rostov's head.
The ignorance of his colleagues, the weakness and insignificance
The imposing figure of Nesvitski followed by his Cossack, and the
The inflammation affects chiefly the walls of the vessels, and is
The influence of micro-organisms in the causation of disease, and the
The influence of the business was widespread. A large and lucrative
The initiative permits any one to draw up a proposed bill; and, on
The instructions to Alpatych took over two hours and still the
The invaders flee, turn back, flee again, and all the chances are
The invasion pushes eastward and reaches its final goal--Moscow.
The lad looked down and seemed now for the first time to notice what
The lady coloured deeply and covered over her injured wrist. "He is a hard man," she said, "and perhaps he hardly knows his own strength."
The lady gave a violent start and stared in bewilderment at my companion.
The larger bell was muffled and the little bells on the harness
The largest measure of self-government consistent with their welfare and
The last role is played. The actor is bidden to disrobe and wash off
The latter in Pierre's presence had ceased to be caustic, and his
The latter lay silent in the sleigh with closed eyes and did not
The layer of coagulated blood and lymph becomes liquefied and is thrown
The lesions in the bones resulting from _actinomycosis_ and from
The little and ring fingers can be flexed to a slight degree by the
The little man stood glancing from one to the other of us with half-frightened, half-hopeful eyes, as one who is not sure whether he is on the verge of a windfall or of a catastrophe. Then he stepped into the cab, and in half an hour we were back in the sitting-room at Baker Street. Nothing had been said during our drive, but the high, thin breathing of our new companion, and the claspings and unclaspings of his hands, spoke of the nervous tension within him.
The little princess and Mademoiselle Bourienne had already received
The little princess during the whole discussion and the rest of
The little princess got up, rang for the maid, and hurriedly and
The little princess had also left the tea table and followed Helene.
The lively song gave a special flavor to the tone of free and easy
The local _treatment_ consists in employing soothing applications and a
The local manifestations are pain and tenderness in relation to one of
The long bones are chiefly affected, and the commonest sites are: either
The lump continues to increase in size and in three to four weeks the
The main indication in _treatment_ is to secure sleep, and this is done
The majority of them were Protestants from the Rhine region, and South
The man in the frieze coat raised his arms and shouted:
The man sat huddled up in his chair, with his head sunk upon his breast, like one who is utterly crushed. Holmes stuck his feet up on the corner of the mantelpiece and, leaning back with his hands in his pockets, began talking, rather to himself, as it seemed, than to us.
The man sprang from his chair and paced up and down the room in uncontrollable agitation. Then, with a gesture of desperation, he tore the mask from his face and hurled it upon the ground. "You are right," he cried; "I am the King. Why should I attempt to conceal it?"
The man who entered was a strange and impressive figure. His slow, limping step and bowed shoulders gave the appearance of decrepitude, and yet his hard, deep-lined, craggy features, and his enormous limbs showed that he was possessed of unusual strength of body and of character. His tangled beard, grizzled hair, and outstanding, drooping eyebrows combined to give an air of dignity and power to his appearance, but his face was of an ashen white, while his lips and the corners of his nostrils were tinged with a shade of blue. It was clear to me at a glance that he was in the grip of some deadly and chronic disease.
The man who entered was a sturdy, middle-sized fellow, some thirty years of age, clean-shaven, and sallow-skinned, with a bland, insinuating manner, and a pair of wonderfully sharp and penetrating grey eyes. He shot a questioning glance at each of us, placed his shiny top-hat upon the sideboard, and with a slight bow sidled down into the nearest chair.
The man who entered was young, some two-and-twenty at the outside, well-groomed and trimly clad, with something of refinement and delicacy in his bearing. The streaming umbrella which he held in his hand, and his long shining waterproof told of the fierce weather through which he had come. He looked about him anxiously in the glare of the lamp, and I could see that his face was pale and his eyes heavy, like those of a man who is weighed down with some great anxiety.
The man who had wakened yawned and stretched himself.
The manager having brought the drama to a close and stripped the
The marshals and generals, who were nearer to the field of battle
The meeting was at an end, and on reaching home Pierre felt as if he
The members of what had once been an army--Napoleon himself and
The men became silent. The soldier who had been struck groaned and
The men began to choose partners and take their places for the
The men crowded closer together, stirred, and rapidly took off their
The men of this party said and thought that what was wrong
The methods of the Ku Klux and the White Camelia were similar. Solemn
The militiamen, both those who had been in the village and those who
The moment he heard the firing and the cry from behind, the
The morbid processes met with in bone originate in the same way and lead
The more emotional and ingratiating the expression of Natasha's face
The morning was bright, he had a good horse under him, and his heart
The movements of the Russian and French armies during the campaign
The myeloma is most often met with between the ages of twenty-five and
The naturalists and their followers, thinking they can solve this
The nature of the inflammatory and suppurative processes will be
The nature of this disturbance and its etiology are imperfectly known.
The necessary antidotes had been administered in time and she was
The needles of hypodermic syringes sometimes break and a portion remains
The nerve slips forward, and may be felt lying on the medial aspect of
The new skin is at first insensitive and is fixed to the underlying
The news of Count Bezukhov's death reached us before your letter and
The next day the Emperor stopped at Wischau, and Villier, his
The next muscles to become stiff and painful are those of the neck,
The night was foggy and through the fog the moonlight gleamed
The night was warm and light. To the left of the house on the Pokrovka
The nobleman swung his glasses a little faster and stared down into the fire. "You see, Mr. Holmes," said he, "my wife was twenty before her father became a rich man. During that time she ran free in a mining camp and wandered through woods or mountains, so that her education has come from Nature rather than from the schoolmaster. She is what we call in England a tomboy, with a strong nature, wild and free, unfettered by any sort of traditions. She is impetuous--volcanic, I was about to say. She is swift in making up her mind and fearless in carrying out her resolutions. On the other hand, I would not have given her the name which I have the honour to bear"--he gave a little stately cough--"had I not thought her to be at bottom a noble woman. I believe that she is capable of heroic self-sacrifice and that anything dishonourable would be repugnant to her."
The noncommissioned officer frowned and, muttering words of abuse,
The note was undated, and without either signature or address.
The object which had caught his eye was a small dog lash hung on one corner of the bed. The lash, however, was curled upon itself and tied so as to make a loop of whipcord.
The occurrence of _pathological dislocation_ is due to softening and
The officer and soldiers who had arrested Pierre treated him with
The officer came nearer and suddenly his face flushed crimson.
The officer flourished his arm and hastily rode away.
The officer glanced at him, and without replying turned again to the
The officer in the scarf dismounted, called up a drummer, and went
The officer mounted his horse and rode after him. When he reached
The officer prisoners were separated from the soldiers and told to
The officer stood perplexed and his face showed indecision.
The officer went up to Makar Alexeevich and took him by the collar.
The officer's face was red and perspiring and his eyes glittered
The officers gathered round Denisov's canteen, eating and talking.
The officers got up and stood round the Cossacks and their prisoner.
The officers, as usual, lived in twos and threes in the roofless,
The official detective was attired in a pea-jacket and cravat, which gave him a decidedly nautical appearance, and he carried a black canvas bag in his hand. With a short greeting he seated himself and lit the cigar which had been offered to him.
The old count cast down his eyes on hearing his son's words and
The old count went home, and Natasha and Petya promised to return
The old count's troyka, with Dimmler and his party, started forward,
The old ladies were pleased with the presents he brought them, and
The old man at first stared fixedly at his son, and an unnatural
The old man continued to fold and seal his letter, snatching up and
The old prince dressed leisurely in his study, frowning and
The old prince had gone to the town and was expected back any
The old prince stopped writing and, as if not understanding, fixed
The old prince was in a good temper and very gracious to Pierre.
The old prince was very affectionate and careful in his treatment of
The old princess came in and also wept. The elderly lady was using
The old princess rose respectfully and curtsied. The young man who
The one, exalting royal rights and aristocratic privileges, was the
The onset and early stages of tuberculous disease, however, are more
The onset and progress of the affection are most insidious, and the
The operation is a difficult and serious one, but the results are
The order was given to halt and down knapsacks.
The order was to find a ford and to cross the river. The colonel
The orderly had gone in before him and began waking somebody.
The orderly was striking a light and Shcherbinin was fumbling for
The organism does not readily establish itself in the human body, and
The other lesions of the eye are much rarer, and can only be discovered
The overthrow of James, followed by the accession of William and Mary
The part affected is enormously increased in size, and causes
The parts around the ulcer are congested and of a dark brown colour.
The party of Hamilton and Clay lay in the dust.
The patches grew deeper on her forehead, neck, and cheeks. She tried
The patient is easily tired, complains of pain in the bones, and, unless
The patient is liable to sudden attacks of numbness, tingling and
The patient should be nourished well, and there need be no restriction
The peasants went up and took him by his shoulders and legs, but
The people of the west moved eastwards to slay their fellow men, and
The phaeton was full of people and there was a doubt as to where
The pilgrim woman was appeased and, being encouraged to talk, gave a
The portly client puffed out his chest with an appearance of some little pride and pulled a dirty and wrinkled newspaper from the inside pocket of his greatcoat. As he glanced down the advertisement column, with his head thrust forward and the paper flattened out upon his knee, I took a good look at the man and endeavoured, after the fashion of my companion, to read the indications which might be presented by his dress or appearance.
The postilion and all the other servants did the same. "Off, in
The postmaster came in and began obsequiously to beg his
The postmaster, his wife, the valet, and a peasant woman selling
The presence of a metallic foreign body having been determined and its
The pressure exerted on the nerves and veins of the lower extremity
The prince bowed his head and went up to the porch. "God be
The prince bowed to signify his respect and gratitude.
The prince had a list of things to be bought in Smolensk and,
The prince looked at his daughter's frightened face and snorted.
The prince turned round to the overseer and fixed his eyes on him,
The prince was silent and looked indifferent. But, with the
The prince's tone was so calm and confident that Princess Mary
The princess blushed, and raised her arms with a gesture of despair.
The princess continued to look at him without moving, and with the
The princess gave no reply and did not even smile, but left the room
The princess glanced at her watch and, seeing that she was five
The princess pondered awhile with a thoughtful smile and her
The princess rested her bare round arm on a little table and
The princess rose quickly to meet him and held out her hand.
The princess, who had never liked Pierre and had been particularly
The prisoners were brought down from the battery and among them
The processes known as thrombosis and embolism are so intimately
The prognosis is favourable, but recovery is apt to be slow, and relapse
The prognosis is grave in the extreme, and the only hope is in early
The proportion of freedom to inevitability decreases and increases
The proprieties were observed and the Emperor was the first to set
The publican was fighting one of the smiths at the door, and when
The pulse is small, feeble, and compressible, and the temperature rises
The pus may form and collect within a circumscribed area, constituting a
The question that had perturbed Pierre on the Mozhaysk hill and
The question was hardly out of my mouth, and Holmes had not yet opened his lips to reply, when we heard a heavy footfall in the passage and a tap at the door.
The quiet home life and peaceful happiness of Bald Hills presented
The radial pulse on the same side is small and delayed. Congestion and
The raid and its grim ending deeply moved the country. Abolitionists
The rain had stopped, and only the mist was falling and drops from
The rapidity of the destructive changes in certain cases of tabes, and
The raw surface is first covered by a layer of coagulated blood and
The reaction of joy was as passionate as his grief had been, and he hugged his recovered gems to his bosom.
The regimental adjutant came in and confirmed the news brought by
The region of the mouth and jaws is one of the commonest sites of
The remains of Langeron's and Dokhturov's mingled forces were
The repair of _Bone_, _Blood Vessels_, and _Peripheral Nerves_ is more
The result of this and related controversies was a debate on the merits
The road in which we found ourselves as we turned round the corner from the retired Saxe-Coburg Square presented as great a contrast to it as the front of a picture does to the back. It was one of the main arteries which conveyed the traffic of the City to the north and west. The roadway was blocked with the immense stream of commerce flowing in a double tide inward and outward, while the footpaths were black with the hurrying swarm of pedestrians. It was difficult to realise as we looked at the line of fine shops and stately business premises that they really abutted on the other side upon the faded and stagnant square which we had just quitted.
The road the French would take was unknown, and so the closer our
The road was clear again; Pierre descended the hill and drove on.
The rustle of the battle of Tarutino frightened the beast, and it
The salesman nodded and shot a questioning glance at my companion.
The same applies to historical events. Why war and revolution occur we
The same conversation was repeated next day and the day after, and
The scantily clad Helene smiled at everyone in the same way, and
The science of jurisprudence regards the state and power as the
The search for these laws has long been begun and the new methods of
The second form occurs in children and adolescents; it may affect
The serfs all dispersed. "Uncle" lifted Natasha off her horse and
The sergeant ran up to the officer and in a frightened whisper
The shed became semidark, and the sharp rattle of the drums on two
The sick man was so surrounded by doctors, princesses, and
The silence began to oppress the princess and she tried to catch
The silver and gold deposits of the Leadville and Cripple Creek regions
The skiagram may also show separation and displacement of the adjacent
The skin and fascia are movable over the cyst. The cyst varies in size
The skin of the affected area may be glazed and red, or may be pale and
The skin should be disinfected and the blisters punctured. When
The small boy brought round a small thin volume and a great greasy-backed one, laying them out together beneath the hanging lamp.
The small veins of the skin of the ankle and foot often show as fine
The smell of the food the Preobrazhenskis were eating and a sense of
The soldier fell, got up, and ran away. But his comrade, throwing
The soldier said no more and the talk went on.
The soldiers crowded against one another with terrified faces, and
The soldiers dragged it awkwardly from the post and began pushing it
The soldiers went out again, and the orderly, who had meanwhile
The soldiers who had carried Prince Andrew had noticed and taken the
The soldiers, swinging their arms and keeping time spontaneously,
The solemn Mr. Merryweather perched himself upon a crate, with a very injured expression upon his face, while Holmes fell upon his knees upon the floor and, with the lantern and a magnifying lens, began to examine minutely the cracks between the stones. A few seconds sufficed to satisfy him, for he sprang to his feet again and put his glass in his pocket.
The sounds of crackling and the din of falling walls and ceilings,
The spasms rapidly spread to all the muscles of deglutition and
The squadron crossed the bridge and drew out of range of fire
The squadron overtook and passed the infantry and the battery--which
The staff officer and Prince Andrew mounted their horses and rode
The staff officer remained behind and Prince Andrew rode on alone.
The station-master had not finished his speech before we were all hastening in the direction of the fire. The road topped a low hill, and there was a great widespread whitewashed building in front of us, spouting fire at every chink and window, while in the garden in front three fire-engines were vainly striving to keep the flames under.
The station-master laughed heartily. "No, sir, Dr. Becher is an Englishman, and there isn't a man in the parish who has a better-lined waistcoat. But he has a gentleman staying with him, a patient, as I understand, who is a foreigner, and he looks as if a little good Berkshire beef would do him no harm."
The stirring deeds of the _Constitution_, the _United States_, and the
The stores, the prisoners, and the marshal's baggage train stopped
The stormcloud had come upon them, and in every face the fire
The story was very pretty and interesting, especially at the point
The stout gentleman half rose from his chair and gave a bob of greeting, with a quick little questioning glance from his small fat-encircled eyes.
The strangeness and absurdity of these replies arise from the fact
The stranger's face was not genial, it was even cold and severe, but
The strips are obtained from the front and lateral aspects of the thigh
The strips of epidermis wrinkle up on the knife and are directly
The struggle between the old views and the new was long and
The sum of human wills produced the Revolution and Napoleon, and
The summons was a brief and urgent one.
The sun had by now risen and shone gaily on the bright verdure.
The sun had reached the other side of the house, and its slanting
The sun had risen brightly and its slanting rays struck straight
The sun had set long since. Bright stars shone out here and there in
The surgeon and his assistants, including the anaesthetist, wear
The swarm of Bronnitskis and Wintzingerodes and their like still
The swelling appears earlier and is more definite in superficial bones
The symptoms are those common to all contusions, and the patient
The tariff, the currency, and internal improvements, with a magnificent
The technique for cutis-grafting must be without a flaw, and the asepsis
The telegram which we eventually received came late one night just as I was thinking of turning in and Holmes was settling down to one of those all-night chemical researches which he frequently indulged in, when I would leave him stooping over a retort and a test-tube at night and find him in the same position when I came down to breakfast in the morning. He opened the yellow envelope, and then, glancing at the message, threw it across to me.
The temperature is more easily disturbed in children than in adults, and
The temperature is raised; the pulse is small, rapid, and intermittent;
The terms _hydrops_, _hydrarthrosis_, and _chronic serous synovitis_ are
The terrible spectacle of the battlefield covered with dead and
The third and most incomprehensible thing is that people studying
The third company was the last, and Kutuzov pondered, apparently
The third thing--what else was it you talked about?" and Prince Andrew
The third time the Rhetor came back more quickly and asked Pierre
The third treaty brought an end to fifty years of bargaining and the
The three soldiers were eating and talking among themselves, taking no
The three voices, hers, Mademoiselle Bourienne's, and Katie's, who
The treatment of inflammation in special tissues and organs will be
The treatment of ulcers caused by _burns and scalds_ will be described
The treatment varies with the conditions present, and must include
The triumph over Burgoyne was the work of other men; and his crushing
The troops again began to move, and two battalions of the Novgorod
The tumour tissue may undergo necrosis, and when the overlying skin or
The two first were convicts with shaven heads. One was tall and
The two generals and the adjutant took hold of the field glass,
The two remarkably pretty girls, Natasha and Sonya, with Count
The two young men, the student and the officer, friends from
The uninterested and perplexed faces of the marshals showed that
The use of Scott's dressing and of blisters and of the actual cautery
The usual route through Moscow could not be thought of, and the
The usual symptoms of aneurysm are present, and the pressure effects on
The valet sat up and whispered something. Timokhin, kept awake by
The varieties of cancer are distinguished according to the character and
The various wars with the French and the Indians, trivial in detail as
The very day that Napoleon issued the order to cross the Niemen, and
The vice-King will occupy the village and cross by its three
The vicomte appreciated this silent praise and smiling gratefully
The vicomte bowed and smiled courteously in token of his willingness
The vicomte was a nice-looking young man with soft features and
The vicomte wished to begin his story and gave a subtle smile.
The victorious huntsman rode off to join the field, and there,
The village elder, a peasant delegate, and the village clerk, who were
The voices and footsteps of the many servants and of the peasants
The voices of those who counseled delay and advised waiting for
The war was flaming up and nearing the Russian frontier.
The weather was already growing wintry and morning frosts
The whole French army, and even Napoleon himself with his staff,
The whole army--French, Italian, German, Polish, and Dutch--hungry,
The whole moving mass began pressing closer together and a report
The wind had fallen and black clouds, merging with the powder smoke,
The words chance and genius do not denote any really existing
The words were hardly out of his mouth before a man appeared at the door of the room, a very fat and burly man, with a heavy stick in his hand. Miss Hunter screamed and shrunk against the wall at the sight of him, but Sherlock Holmes sprang forward and confronted him.
The wound must be purified in the usual way, and all instruments and
The wound should be dressed the next day, and the tube shortened, in the
The writers of universal histories and of the history of culture are
The young fellow on the box jumped down to hold the horses and
The young man pulled his chair up and pushed his wet feet out towards the blaze.
The young man took from his waistcoat a crumpled envelope, and turning to the table he shook out upon it five little dried orange pips.
Their conversation was very simple and unimportant. They spoke of
Their labor system was wrecked and their money and bonds were as
Their sabers catching in the bridles and their spurs jingling, the
Their theory, suitable for primitive and peaceful periods of
Then Denisov's voice was heard shouting farther and farther away.
Then all these Westphalians and Hessians whom Napoleon is leading
Then he again opened his eyes and said something none of them
Then he changed the spelling, substituting a z for the s and adding de
Then he recalled the coarseness and bluntness of her thoughts and
Then his lips and tongue moved, sounds came, and he began to speak,
Then live stock must be improved and scientific farming promoted. Did
Then suddenly, dismayed lest he had said too much, Petya stopped and
Then the voice said something more, Demyan replied, and the steps in
Then two pairs of Frenchmen approached the criminals and at the
Then with no less fear and delight they saw how the young count, red
Then, noticing that Denisov was asleep, he rose and went out of
Then, vexed at his own weakness, he turned away and began to
Theodore Roosevelt, _America and the World War_.
There are cases on record where rapidly growing sarcomatous and
There are two methods of _removing the body_; the first and simpler
There are usually one or more bunches of enlarged and tortuous veins in
There are usually several such ulcers together, and as they tend to heal
There can be no doubt that excessive movement and jarring of a limb
There had been many discussions and preparations for this ball in
There is a strong and natural tendency on the part of writers to stress
There is but little pain, and no glandular involvement or constitutional
There is ever a flaw, however, in the best laid of human plans, and the murderers of John Openshaw were never to receive the orange pips which would show them that another, as cunning and as resolute as themselves, was upon their track. Very long and very severe were the equinoctial gales that year. We waited long for news of the Lone Star of Savannah, but none ever reached us. We did at last hear that somewhere far out in the Atlantic a shattered stern-post of a boat was seen swinging in the trough of a wave, with the letters "L. S." carved upon it, and that is all which we shall ever know of the fate of the Lone Star.
There is no means of arresting the disease, and surgical treatment is
There is no redness or heat and no pain on movement. The peri-articular
There is some local heat and discoloration, and considerable pain and
There is sudden pain at the site of impaction of the embolus, and the
There is symmetrical enlargement and deformity of the hands and feet;
There was a general movement as the princess, smiling and talking
There was a long silence, broken only by his heavy breathing and by the measured tapping of Sherlock Holmes' finger-tips upon the edge of the table. Then my friend rose and threw open the door.
There was a movement and an exclamation from my right, and peering through the gloom, I saw Whitney, pale, haggard, and unkempt, staring out at me.
There was a rapid patter of bare feet, and an unseen hand opened the
There was a rustling among the crowd and it again subsided, so
There was a stir among the throng of officers and in the ranks of
There was a stir in the next room and he heard the steps of Toll,
There was little difficulty in entering the grounds, for unrepaired breaches gaped in the old park wall. Making our way among the trees, we reached the lawn, crossed it, and were about to enter through the window when out from a clump of laurel bushes there darted what seemed to be a hideous and distorted child, who threw itself upon the grass with writhing limbs and then ran swiftly across the lawn into the darkness.
There was no answer to any of these questions, except one, and
There was no need to say more: Julie's face shone with triumph and
There was no rain, as Holmes had foretold, and the morning broke bright and cloudless. At nine o'clock Lestrade called for us with the carriage, and we set off for Hatherley Farm and the Boscombe Pool.
There was running to and fro and whispering; another troyka
There was so much good nature and nobility (in the French sense of
There was the case, and of course there was but one way out of it. Might I not escort her to this place? And then, as a second thought, why should she come at all? I was Isa Whitney's medical adviser, and as such I had influence over him. I could manage it better if I were alone. I promised her on my word that I would send him home in a cab within two hours if he were indeed at the address which she had given me. And so in ten minutes I had left my armchair and cheery sitting-room behind me, and was speeding eastward in a hansom on a strange errand, as it seemed to me at the time, though the future only could show how strange it was to be.
There were a great many ladies and some of Nicholas' Moscow
There were addresses by favorite orators like Garrison, Phillips, and
There were several prisoners from the French army in Orel, and the
There were then as now conversations and discussions about women's
There--they are shouting again, and again are all running back
These are known as _opsonins_ or _alexins_, and they act on the bacteria
These bells reminded Pierre that it was Sunday and the feast of the
These conditions will be described with the tissues and organs in which
These different people--businessmen, relations, and acquaintances
These dispositions, which are very obscure and confused if one
These facts furnish us with indications as to the seat and method of
These gentlemen ride onto the bridge alone and wave white
These laws and agreements, however, did not remove all grounds for the
These puffs of smoke and (strange to say) the sound of
These ulcers are at first small and superficial, but from want of care,
These, however, are less reliable than heat, and are open to certain
They again took him by the shoulders and laid him on the stretcher.
They all plainly and certainly knew that they were criminals who
They all raised their heads to listen, and out of the forest into
They all stood despondent and silent. The tall youth moved his
They are frequently the seat of pyogenic, tuberculous, and cancerous
They are met with in the mamma and in the salivary glands. Sebaceous
They both saw that he was sinking slowly and quietly, deeper and
They built irrigation works by cooperative labor and granted water
They charged him with retaining "notoriously corrupt and unworthy men in
They compromise him and throw on him the responsibility for all that
They could travel and attend conferences and conventions. Throughout the
They described the activity of individuals who ruled the people, and
They dismounted and entered the tent. Several officers, with flushed
They drove up to the gloomy old house on the Vozdvizhenka and
They entered the elegant, newly decorated, and luxurious dining
They exhibit a rough symmetry; they rarely attain any size; and they
They gave him some more porridge and Morel with a laugh set to
They got into the carriage and drove for a few minutes in silence.
They had an opportunity that day to send letters to the army, and
They had considered the federal offices, civil and military, as sources
They had decided to be at the ball by half past ten, and Natasha had
They had not met for nearly half a year and, being at the age when
They had savagely criticized the Sedition law and Jefferson refused to
They have yielded up all Europe to him, and have now come to teach us.
They inveighed against cruel criminal laws and unsanitary prisons. They
They knew their Natasha, and alarm as to what would happen if she
They learned also that America would then be alienated, fretful, and the
They looked at each other with dismayed and embarrassed faces. He
They marched very quickly, without resting, and halted only when the
They occur on the fingers and hand as a result of certain occupations
They praised their own good works, as of old, in saving the union, and
They reached a river that had overflowed its banks and which they
They rode close by continuing to converse, and Prince Andrew
They rose from the table and sat down in the entrance porch which
They say and write and print that the soul and freedom do not exist,
They seemed not to have expected him to talk like anybody else, and
They seized Makar Alexeevich by the arms and dragged him to the
They shut the door and all sat down.
They tend further to depress the resisting power of the tissues, and
They thus kept their households decently clad and the surplus of their
They told her where the barn was and how she should stand and
They tried to discredit their opponents with epithets of "Jacobins" and
They unloaded the wardrobe cart and sent it to take wounded men from
They went out and walked about till dinnertime, talking of the
They went through the porch and into the stable. The lieutenant
They were bivouacking. Denisov and Rostov were living in an earth
They were continually kissing and saying tender things to one
They were taken to the entrance and led into the house one by one.
They were taking fifty-four hounds, with six hunt attendants and
They're coming!" Alarmed voices were heard, and a stir of final
Thine altars, and to desecrate our holy shrines. How long, O Lord, how
Thirty carts could not save all the wounded and in the general
Thirty-second Military Division, of Bremen, of Hamburg, and so on:
This action was so unlike her usual composure and the fear
This aim was that of Christianity itself. It taught men to be wise and
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
This doctrine was received by Jefferson and many of his followers with
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
This form is therefore most frequently met with on the face and neck in
This ideal of glory and grandeur--which consists not merely in
This man, bent double, rushed past the tradesman and the officer.
This officer began visiting Pierre, and the princess used to make
This procrastinator Kutuzov, whose motto was "Patience and Time,"
This prophecy pleased Pierre very much and he often asked himself what
This unexpected and, as it seemed to Nicholas, quite voluntary
This unpleasant impression merely flitted over the young and happy
This very sentence about Countess Zubova and this same laugh
This view was very general in the upper army circles and found
This was quite true, but the count, the countess, and Natasha looked
This was the icon that had been brought from and had since accompanied
This was true. The architect had told him that it was necessary, and
Those who went away, taking what they could and abandoning their
Thou art the Lord and we are Thy people. Show Thy mercy upon us this
Thou gavest Moses the victory over Amalek, Gideon over Midian, and
Though Adams conducted his administration with great dignity and in a
Though Nicholas Rostov had kept firmly to his resolution and was
Though Pierre, Natasha, Nicholas, Countess Mary, and Denisov had
Though Pitt, the friend of America, was once more prime minister, and
Though Princess Mary and Natasha were evidently glad to see their
Though assailed in many ways and compelled to resort to war, the United
Though he heard and saw nothing around him he found his way by
Though he saw French cannon and French troops on the Pratzen Heights
Though in 1850 the slave owners were only about three hundred and fifty
Though no words had passed between Anatole and Mademoiselle
Though shells and bullets did not whistle over the road along
Though tattered, hungry, worn out, and reduced to a third of their
Though the Democrats, especially in the North, resented this policy and
Though the German fleet failed to come out and challenge the sea power
Though the book was unfair to the South and was denounced as a hideous
Though the most absent-minded and forgetful of men, Pierre, with the
Though the troops were ill-clad, exhausted, and had lost a third of
Though there were times when militiamen and frontiersmen did valiant and
Three Hills gates and a great battle would be fought there.
Three days later the little princess was buried, and Prince Andrew
Three varieties of wounds are described: incised, punctured, and
Thrice will I overthrow it and thrice re-establish it!" he cried,
Through news from the fur traders and missionaries, Eastern farmers
Through the door came the sounds of Kutuzov's voice, excited and
Through the gloom one could dimly catch a glimpse of bodies lying in strange fantastic poses, bowed shoulders, bent knees, heads thrown back, and chins pointing upward, with here and there a dark, lack-lustre eye turned upon the newcomer. Out of the black shadows there glimmered little red circles of light, now bright, now faint, as the burning poison waxed or waned in the bowls of the metal pipes. The most lay silent, but some muttered to themselves, and others talked together in a strange, low, monotonous voice, their conversation coming in gushes, and then suddenly tailing off into silence, each mumbling out his own thoughts and paying little heed to the words of his neighbour. At the farther end was a small brazier of burning charcoal, beside which on a three-legged wooden stool there sat a tall, thin old man, with his jaw resting upon his two fists, and his elbows upon his knees, staring into the fire.
Through the study door came the sound of slippered feet and the cry:
Thus our conception of free will and inevitability gradually
Thus, said the Southern people, the moral judgment was fulfilled and the
Tibia, on section and on surface view.]
Tikhon but I might have heard and understood him. Why didn't I enter
Tikhon did not like riding, and always went on foot, never lagging
Tikhon followed behind and Petya heard the Cossacks laughing with
Tikhon knew his master's habit of sometimes thinking aloud, and
Tikhon treated only with internal and external applications of
Tikhon went and told the prince.
Till the Tsar reached it, each regiment in its silence and
Time_, pp. 82-94; Dunning, _Reconstruction, Political and Economic_
Tipsy and perspiring, with dim eyes and wide-open mouths, they were
Title: War and Peace
To Bolkonski so many people appeared contemptible and
To Sherlock Holmes she is always the woman. I have seldom heard him mention her under any other name. In his eyes she eclipses and predominates the whole of her sex. It was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for Irene Adler. All emotions, and that one particularly, were abhorrent to his cold, precise but admirably balanced mind. He was, I take it, the most perfect reasoning and observing machine that the world has seen, but as a lover he would have placed himself in a false position. He never spoke of the softer passions, save with a gibe and a sneer. They were admirable things for the observer--excellent for drawing the veil from men's motives and actions. But for the trained reasoner to admit such intrusions into his own delicate and finely adjusted temperament was to introduce a distracting factor which might throw a doubt upon all his mental results. Grit in a sensitive instrument, or a crack in one of his own high-power lenses, would not be more disturbing than a strong emotion in a nature such a

To all these inquiries he gave brief and angry replies indicating
To differences over issues were added quarrels between youth and old
To differentiate by manipulation between muscular fixation and
To facilitate primary union, all haemorrhage should be arrested, and the
To fluff out her curls, put on fashionable dresses, and sing
To her own surprise a power of life and hope of happiness rose to
To imagine a man perfectly free and not subject to the law of
To prolong human life and to alleviate suffering are the ultimate
To relieve the pain, warm fomentations or lead and opium lotion should
To remember her gave him pleasure, and when his comrades, hearing of
To say "tomorrow" and keep up a dignified tone was not difficult,
To seal forever the proclamation of emancipation, and to extend freedom
To solve the question of how freedom and necessity are combined
To the Republicans this sharp and cavalier disposal of their plans,
To the men of both sides alike, worn out by want of food and rest,
To them the words of Miloradovich seem very interesting, and so do
To us, their descendants, who are not historians and are not carried
Toll wrote a disposition: "The first column will march to so and
Toll, Paulucci suggested an advance and an attack, which, he urged,
Tomorrow I shall have to suffer, so today I'll go and rest."
Toward evening he ceased moaning and became quite still. He did
Traitors!" he thought, without clearly defining who the villains and
Tranquillity is returning to this capital and order is being
Transition forms between adenoma and carcinoma are also met with in the
Translator: Louise and Aylmer Maude
Treason proceeding from our over lenity and want of foresight." The
Trinity and the inspiration of the Scriptures. Massachusetts and
Trollope, who thought the English system of church and state was ideal,
True to their old traditions, they founded colleges and academies that
Tsar and the country? It is wartime. Such a fine fellow must serve.
Tubercle bacillus--Methods of infection--Inherited and acquired
Tuberculous disease in bone is characterised by its insidious onset and
Tuberculous disease in the _mesenteric_ and _bronchial glands_ is
Tuchkov, Bagration, and Kutaysov. In the Petersburg world this sad
Tuesdays and Saturdays at such distances from the town as to protect
Tugendbund was, and what I am proposing."
Turks--the crowd outside spread out and hawkers appeared, selling
Turning her mother's head this way and that, she fastened on the cap
Turning the horse sharply, he again jumped the ditch, and
Tushin rose and, buttoning his greatcoat and pulling it straight,
Tushin's battery had been forgotten and only at the very end of
Twenty-three soldiers, three officers, and two officials were
Two days previously he had received news that his father, son, and
Two footmen, the princess' and his own, stood holding a shawl and
Two hours passed. Napoleon had lunched and was again standing in the
Two maids were turning up the hem and hurriedly biting off the ends of
Two of the gazers went round to the other side of the coach and
Two types are met with--the pathological and the traumatic. It is
Two valets rapidly dressed His Majesty, and wearing the blue uniform
Two women ran out after them, and all four, looking round at the
Tyler, ran current to reassure the doubtful. Finally, and this point
Uhlans and a brilliant suite of aides-de-camp, pages, and generals,
Unable to sit still he paced up and down the room holding the letter
Unconsciously she immediately invented a reason for going down, and
Under the influence of the wine he had drunk, and after the days
Unexpectedly, in the middle of the service, and not in the usual
Union a republican form of government, and shall protect each of them
Union follow its citizens and its banner protects them even within the
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel invasions;
United States Senators, and the short ballot. It favored a program of
United States and before the same shall take effect, shall be approved
United States of America, proposed by Congress, and ratified by the
United States shall be removed from office on impeachment for, and
United States should actively use its influence and good offices to
United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that
United States, naming each state specifically, and agreed to boundaries
Until then the leadership by men of "wealth and talents" had been
Utah, Colorado, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico, and parts of adjoining
Uvarov's cavalry and here he noticed a stir and signs of preparation
Vaccines may be given a trial. The diet should be liberal and easily
Valley, and it became all the more precious when the opening of the
Various forms of fibroma are met with in the mamma and are described
Various groups of people formed and dissolved, the coming formation
Vascular tumours, such as sarcoma and goitre, may yield an expansile
Vasili and his son.
Vasili and the old count had turned upon the Italian, but the latter
Vasili is a shallow braggart and his son, no doubt, is a fine
Vasili one day, closing his eyes and fingering Pierre's elbow,
Vasili played a very despicable part in this affair and that he
Vasili's son, he, and a certain Dolokhov have, it is said, been up
Vasili's visit, he was in a bad temper, and in the morning Tikhon
Vasili, who had grown thinner and paler during the last few days,
Veins are subject to the same forms of injury as arteries, and the
Vera Cruz and the occupation of the city. A clash of arms followed in
Vera wanted a chiffonier like that and how we had a dispute about it."
Vera, Natasha, and Sonya, and finally there were six thousand rubles
Vereshchagin he uttered a plaintive cry of pain, and that cry was
Very early regular traffic sprang up between the Pacific ports and the
Vice-President, and of the number of votes for each, which lists they
Vienna bridge, and encumbered by his baggage and transport, having
Virginia and North Carolina. As soon as a tier of counties swinging
Virginia aristocracy. They controlled the vestries and the ministers,
Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five, and Georgia
Virginia, Connecticut, and Massachusetts had conflicting claims to the
Virginia, Delaware, and Rhode Island, clung firmly to the ancient
Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.
Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.
Virginian had foreseen, which flowed inevitably from public and private
Vladimir medal and ribbon? But now, even if they do get peppered,
Vogel the dancing master and his family, Belova, an old maiden lady,
Volkonski in Russian. Prince Andrew listened and observed in silence.
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
Voronezh, ordered things he had long been deprived of in camp, and
Vyazma, from Vyazma to Smolensk, from Smolensk to the Berezina, and
W. Sumner, _The Financier and the Finances of the American Revolution_.
W. Weeden, _Economic and Social History of New England_. (2 vols.).
W.B. Munro (ed.), _Initiative, Referendum, and Recall_.
W.C. Rives, _The United States and Mexico, 1821-48_ (2 vols.).
W.E. Walling (and Others), _The Socialism of Today_.
W.E. Walling, _Progressivism and After_.
W.F. Willoughby, _Territories and Dependencies of the United States_
W.H. Seward, William Lloyd Garrison, Wendell Phillips, and Harriet
W.R. Shafter, Joseph Wheeler, and H.W. Lawton.
W.R. Shepherd, _Latin America_; _Central and South America_.
W.Z. Ripley (editor), _Trusts, Pools, and Corporations_.
W.Z. Ripley, _Railroads: Rates and Regulation_.
WILSON, WOODROW. _Division and Reunion_
Wagram. But suddenly instead of those chances and that genius which
War (1701-1713), and King George's War (1744-1748) owed their origins
War Department, and Edmund Randolph, the Attorney-General, were likewise
War and Peace
War and the Revolution_, Chaps. VI-IX. Parkman, _Montcalm and Wolfe_,
War engaged the energies and labors of the nation. Northern women became
Washington and Jefferson were by no means approved; and the drift of
Washington at Valley Forge, and day after day drilled and manoeuvered the
Washington was planning measures of moderation and healing.
Washington when they retreated from Fort Lee and were harried from New
Washington, "requires time.... To expect the same service from raw and
Washington, showing that the new America in the West was peopled and led
We both put our eyes to the grating. The prisoner lay with his face towards us, in a very deep sleep, breathing slowly and heavily. He was a middle-sized man, coarsely clad as became his calling, with a coloured shirt protruding through the rent in his tattered coat. He was, as the inspector had said, extremely dirty, but the grime which covered his face could not conceal its repulsive ugliness. A broad wheal from an old scar ran right across it from eye to chin, and by its contraction had turned up one side of the upper lip, so that three teeth were exposed in a perpetual snarl. A shock of very bright red hair grew low over his eyes and forehead.
We got off, paid our fare, and the trap rattled back on its way to Leatherhead.
We had pulled up in front of a large villa which stood within its own grounds. A stable-boy had run out to the horse's head, and springing down, I followed Holmes up the small, winding gravel-drive which led to the house. As we approached, the door flew open, and a little blonde woman stood in the opening, clad in some sort of light mousseline de soie, with a touch of fluffy pink chiffon at her neck and wrists. She stood with her figure outlined against the flood of light, one hand upon the door, one half-raised in her eagerness, her body slightly bent, her head and face protruded, with eager eyes and parted lips, a standing question.
We had reached Baker Street and had stopped at the door. He was searching his pockets for the key when someone passing said:
We had reached the same crowded thoroughfare in which we had found ourselves in the morning. Our cabs were dismissed, and, following the guidance of Mr. Merryweather, we passed down a narrow passage and through a side door, which he opened for us. Within there was a small corridor, which ended in a very massive iron gate. This also was opened, and led down a flight of winding stone steps, which terminated at another formidable gate. Mr. Merryweather stopped to light a lantern, and then conducted us down a dark, earth-smelling passage, and so, after opening a third door, into a huge vault or cellar, which was piled all round with crates and massive boxes.
We had the carriage to ourselves save for an immense litter of papers which Holmes had brought with him. Among these he rummaged and read, with intervals of note-taking and of meditation, until we were past Reading. Then he suddenly rolled them all into a gigantic ball and tossed them up onto the rack.
We have here to consider under the terms Sapraemia, Septicaemia, and
We heard the door open, a few hurried words, and then quick steps upon the linoleum. Our own door flew open, and a lady, clad in some dark-coloured stuff, with a black veil, entered the room.
We made our way downstairs as quietly as possible, and out into the bright morning sunshine. In the road stood our horse and trap, with the half-clad stable-boy waiting at the head. We both sprang in, and away we dashed down the London Road. A few country carts were stirring, bearing in vegetables to the metropolis, but the lines of villas on either side were as silent and lifeless as some city in a dream.
We oppose militarism. It means conquest abroad and intimidation and
We passed across Holborn, down Endell Street, and so through a zigzag of slums to Covent Garden Market. One of the largest stalls bore the name of Breckinridge upon it, and the proprietor a horsey-looking man, with a sharp face and trim side-whiskers was helping a boy to put up the shutters.
We passed up the stair, unlocked the door, followed on down a passage, and found ourselves in front of the barricade which Miss Hunter had described. Holmes cut the cord and removed the transverse bar. Then he tried the various keys in the lock, but without success. No sound came from within, and at the silence Holmes' face clouded over.
We sat in silence for some minutes, Holmes more depressed and shaken than I had ever seen him.
We say that Napoleon wished to invade Russia and invaded it. In
We travelled by the Underground as far as Aldersgate; and a short walk took us to Saxe-Coburg Square, the scene of the singular story which we had listened to in the morning. It was a poky, little, shabby-genteel place, where four lines of dingy two-storied brick houses looked out into a small railed-in enclosure, where a lawn of weedy grass and a few clumps of faded laurel bushes made a hard fight against a smoke-laden and uncongenial atmosphere. Three gilt balls and a brown board with "JABEZ WILSON" in white letters, upon a corner house, announced the place where our red-headed client carried on his business. Sherlock Holmes stopped in front of it with his head on one side and looked it all over, with his eyes shining brightly between puckered lids. Then he walked slowly up the street, and then down again to the corner, still looking keenly at the houses. Finally he returned to the pawnbroker's, and, having thumped vigorously upon the pavement with his stick two or three times, he went up to the door and k

We were seated at breakfast one morning, my wife and I, when the maid brought in a telegram. It was from Sherlock Holmes and ran in this way:
Webster, J.C. Calhoun, and W.H. Harrison.
Webster, cherished leaders now dead and gone. In their platform they
Webster, in the prime of his manhood, and John Adams, in the closing
Well, and what do you think, dear friends?" Karataev continued, his
Well, and you?"
Well, you have cheered us up! Nikita and Vanya--clear away the tables!
Wens are to be _diagnosed_ from dermoids, from fatty tumours, and from
West and South rather than to cut directly between the two parties.
West, approved its spirit, and sought to bring the two sections together
West, opened their doors to women, and women were received into the
West--wheat, corn, bacon, hemp, cattle, and tobacco--was bulky and the
West. Marquette and Joliet, who opened the Lake region, and La Salle,
Weyrother, and the members of the council of war. They were drinking
Weyrother, hurriedly rising from his seat and going up to the table on
What a time it seemed! From comparing notes afterwards it was but an hour and a quarter, yet it appeared to me that the night must have almost gone, and the dawn be breaking above us. My limbs were weary and stiff, for I feared to change my position; yet my nerves were worked up to the highest pitch of tension, and my hearing was so acute that I could not only hear the gentle breathing of my companions, but I could distinguish the deeper, heavier in-breath of the bulky Jones from the thin, sighing note of the bank director. From my position I could look over the case in the direction of the floor. Suddenly my eyes caught the glint of a light.
What business was it of mine when I married and was so deep in debt
What was needed was a sense of justice and a sympathy with
What would Sonya and the count and countess have done, how would
Whatever happens and whoever may stand at the head of affairs, the
When Boris and Anna Pavlovna returned to the others Prince Hippolyte
When Boris appeared at his door Pierre was pacing up and down his
When I glance over my notes and records of the Sherlock Holmes cases between the years '82 and '90, I am faced by so many which present strange and interesting features that it is no easy matter to know which to choose and which to leave. Some, however, have already gained publicity through the papers, and others have not offered a field for those peculiar qualities which my friend possessed in so high a degree, and which it is the object of these papers to illustrate. Some, too, have baffled his analytical skill, and would be, as narratives, beginnings without an ending, while others have been but partially cleared up, and have their explanations founded rather upon conjecture and surmise than on that absolute logical proof which was so dear to him. There is, however, one of these last which was so remarkable in its details and so startling in its results that I am tempted to give some account of it in spite of the fact that there are points in connection with it which never have been, and probably never wi

When Kutuzov came out of the study and with lowered head was
When Morel had drunk some vodka and finished his bowl of porridge he
When Natasha left the room Pierre's confusion and awkwardness
When Nicholas and his wife came to look for Pierre he was in the
When Nicholas first began farming and began to understand its
When Pierre and his wife entered the drawing room the countess was
When Pierre and his wife had left, he grew very quiet and began to
When Pierre had gone and the members of the household met
When Pierre had left Kutuzov, Dolokhov came up to him and took his
When Prince Andrew left the palace he felt that all the interest and
When Prince Andrew reached the room prepared for him and lay down in
When Princess Mary came down, Prince Vasili and his son were already
When Rostov went back there was a bottle of vodka and a sausage on
When after a bachelor supper he rose with his amiable and kindly
When an _artery and vein are simultaneously wounded_, the features
When an apple has ripened and falls, why does it fall? Because of
When an artery and its companion vein are injured simultaneously an
When an event is taking place people express their opinions and
When arthroplasty is impracticable, and a movable joint is desired--for
When aseptic, a thrombus may become detached and be carried off in the
When dealing with the affairs and papers of his dead wife, her
When digital compression is not available, the most convenient and
When foci of suppuration have been scattered up and down the medullary
When from neglect and want of cleanliness the ulcer becomes inflamed,
When he got there he leaned on his elbows and, smiling, talked to
When he had ascended the hill and reached the little village street,
When he had changed, poured water over his head, and scented
When he had lain there some time, he was told to get up, and a white
When he heard these words and saw the expression of firm
When he received the news of the battle of Borodino and the
When he woke up on the morning after his return to Moscow and his
When her carriage drove out of the house, he mounted and accompanied
When hyperostosis and sclerosis of the bone is attended with severe pain
When it came to Natasha's turn to choose a partner, she rose and,
When pus has formed in deeper parts, and before it has reached the
When she had taken leave of him and remained alone she suddenly felt
When she had thrown off her dress and put on a dressing jacket,
When she said this, he did not reply and only bowed, but again
When she saw Natasha's fright, Sonya shed tears of shame and pity
When stiffness and grating on movement are prominent features we have
When suppuration occurs, the vessel wall becomes disintegrated and gives
When that door was opened and the prisoners, crowding against one
When the _axillary artery_ is the seat of embolic impaction, and
When the body, washed and dressed, lay in the coffin on a table,
When the bullet perforates, the exit wound is usually larger and more
When the commissionaire had gone, Holmes took up the stone and held it against the light. "It's a bonny thing," said he. "Just see how it glints and sparkles. Of course it is a nucleus and focus of crime. Every good stone is. They are the devil's pet baits. In the larger and older jewels every facet may stand for a bloody deed. This stone is not yet twenty years old. It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in southern China and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blue in shade instead of ruby red. In spite of its youth, it has already a sinister history. There have been two murders, a vitriol-throwing, a suicide, and several robberies brought about for the sake of this forty-grain weight of crystallised charcoal. Who would think that so pretty a toy would be a purveyor to the gallows and the prison? I'll lock it up in my strong box now and drop a line to the Countess to say that we have it."
When the count returned, Natasha was impolitely pleased and hastened
When the fit of laughter that had seized him at Tikhon's words and
When the full measure of honor is given to the soldiers and sailors and
When the gangrene is limited to the toes in old and feeble patients,
When the grafts have healed, it is well to protect them from injury and
When the legs are affected the patient may be unable to walk, and the
When the music began Natasha came in and walking straight up to Pierre
When the mutton and an omelet had been served and a samovar and
When the officers had emptied and smashed their glasses, Kirsten
When the review was over, the newly arrived officers, and also
When the ship moves in one direction there is one and the same
When the skin over the abscess is red, thin, and about to give way, as
When the sun had entirely emerged from the fog, and fields and
When the twenty minutes had elapsed and the time had come for the
When the ulcer has healed it leaves a scar which is depressed, and if
When the wound is healed and while waiting for the restoration of
When there is actual destruction of tissue and ulceration--the so-called
When there is early and pronounced general intoxication, there is likely
When there is widespread suppuration in the marrow, and the shaft is
When they had emptied the samovar, Rostov took a pack of cards and
When they prayed for the warriors, she thought of her brother and
When they reached home and had told their mother how they had
When they reached the Myasnitski Street and could no longer hear the
When was he going to Petersburg and would he mind taking a parcel
When, a few years later, Mississippi and Alabama knocked at the doors of
When, a generation afterward, the Stars and Stripes supplanted the Union
When, for example, a vessel is only partly divided, the contraction and
When, much later, "Uncle" rode up to Nicholas and began talking to
Whenever I see the movement of a locomotive I hear the whistle and
Where am I to go?" thought Nicholas, and went again into the dancing
Where, how, and when had this young countess, educated by an emigree
Whether the theory was sound or not, Southern statesmen believed it and
Whether they were playing the ring and string game or the ruble game
Whether we speak of the migration of the peoples and the
Whig aristocrats as "seditious, factious and republican." Yet the
Whigs and Democrats. It is not surprising, therefore, that President
Whigs of Massachusetts and Pennsylvania stare in wonderment. The demands
While Adams called himself a Republican in politics and often spoke of
While Kutuzov was talking to Raevski and dictating the order of
While Rostov was thus arguing with himself and riding sadly away,
While Sherlock Holmes had been detailing this singular series of events, we had been whirling through the outskirts of the great town until the last straggling houses had been left behind, and we rattled along with a country hedge upon either side of us. Just as he finished, however, we drove through two scattered villages, where a few lights still glimmered in the windows.
While boils are frequently met with in debilitated persons, and
While declaring that employers and employees had much in common, the
While disputes and intrigues were going on about the future field of
While father and son were having their explanation, the mother and
While still a few steps from the officer she unfolded the kerchief and
While still at a distance he took off his cap and tried to speak
While still in the anteroom Prince Andrew heard loud voices and a
While the couples were arranging themselves and the musicians tuning
While the disease is most common in childhood and youth, it may be met
While the horses were being harnessed Alpatych and Ferapontov over
While the merchants and Whig gentlemen confined their efforts chiefly to
While these and similar methods have long been employed in the treatment
While these conversations were going on in the reception room and
While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
Whitney combining wood and steel into a cotton gin, Fulton and Fitch
Whole states were polled in advance by the Republicans and the doubtful
Why and how were the battles of Shevardino and Borodino given and
Why did it happen in this and not in some other way?
Wide were the dissensions in the North during that year and the
Willarski was going to Moscow and they agreed to travel together.
Willarski who continually deplored the ignorance and poverty of Russia
William and Mary College, 45
Wilson toured the country and aroused great enthusiasm by a series of
Wintzingerode's detachment, peasants from the adjacent villages, and
Wisconsin, it had been explored early by the French scouts, and the
Wishing to speak and to attract their attention, he got up, but at
With Sonya's help and the maid's, Natasha got the glass she held
With a dazed face the banker made out the required check. Holmes walked over to his desk, took out a little triangular piece of gold with three gems in it, and threw it down upon the table.
With a grave face he lit the lamp and led the way down the corridor. Twice he struck at the chamber door without any reply from within. Then he turned the handle and entered, I at his heels, with the cocked pistol in my hand.
With a great effort he tried to return to life and to see things
With a nod to Denisov he turned away and put out his hand for the
With a pale and frowning face Dron stepped out of the crowd.
With all calibres and at all ranges, except actual contact, the wound of
With bated breath and beating heart he moved toward the Rhetor (by
With courtly adroitness de Beausset half turned and without
With drooping head Princess Mary left the crowd and went back to the
With each fresh blow less and less chance of life remained for those
With great difficulty he managed to get to his horse, and shouting
With regard to commerce and to provisioning the army, the
With screams squeals, and waving of whips that caused even the shaft
With the formation of pus the skin becomes soft and boggy at several
With the help of a footman Tikhon brought in the bedstead and
With the increase in population and the growth of agriculture came
With the object of raising the spirits of the troops and of the
With the present complex forms of political and social life in
With this appliance the patient may continue to work, and the dressing
With this object his staff was gradually reconstructed and its
Without going home, Pierre took a cab and drove to see the Moscow
Without heeding the end of the Italian's remarks, and as though
Without looking at anyone, "Uncle" blew the dust off it and, tapping
Without replying, the sergeant, with a resolute air, mounted and
Without saying a word Rostopchin rose and walked hastily to his
Wolzogen took his place and continued to explain his views in
Wolzogen, Wintzingerode, and others, chiefly Germans.
Wolzogen, shrugging his shoulders and curling his lips, stepped
Wolzogen--and many others. Though these men had no military
Women organized "drives" for money, contributed their plate and their
Word and the Word was with God," Pierre went round the table and saw a
World War who, with the regular army and the national guard, formed the
World that "the American continents, by the free and independent
Wounds inflicted by shell fragments and shrapnel bullets tend to be
Wounds produced by dynamite explosions and the bursting of boilers have
Write to me all about it, and I will help you in everything." Pierre
X-ray treatment are very successful, and are to be preferred to
X-rays and to sunlight. Others again, influenced by the risk of
XVI, driven into bankruptcy by extravagance and costly wars, was forced
XVII, for the Queen, or for Madame Elizabeth? Nothing!" and he
Yakov Alpatych heard without heeding. He asked for a samovar and for
Yakov Alpatych returns let us get away... and please don't..."
Yakovlev, who had been robbed and was in rags and did not know how
Yards at Albany and Poughkeepsie in New York built ships for the trade
Yaroslavl with reports on the state of their affairs and with advice
Yaroslavl, and a few days later left to rejoin his regiment.
Yes, my opinion, and only my opinion," added Prince Bolkonski, turning
Yet he had to live and to find occupation. It was too dreadful to be
Yet he loved "our Russian peasants" and their way of life with his
Yet one need only discard the study of the reports and general plans
Yet subsequently, and for the rest of his life, he thought and spoke
York and Pennsylvania. Closely connected with it was the practice of
York and candidate for President in 1876, "that the paramount object and
York and widely celebrated as a man of "sterling honesty." At the same
York customs house and some of the minor officers were sent to prison.
York flowed a stream of pamphlets, leaflets, and cartoons. A magazine,
York merchant, sent out trappers and hunters who established a trading
York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio where he sorely needed them. Handicapped by
York, and Boston, captains of ships who brought tea under this act were
York, and New Jersey. The charter of Massachusetts, annulled in the last
York, and Pennsylvania in 1860 had funds greater than the banks in all
Yorktown, had seen service in the Seven Years' War and had undoubted
You say: I am not and am not free. But I have lifted my hand and let
You weren't in the study. We began disputing--Pierre and I--and I lost
You will indemnify and hold Michael Hart, the Foundation,
You will indemnify and hold Michael Hart, the Foundation,
You would set all Russia against you and every one of us would feel
You're a clever girl and you'll know how to manage. Be kind, and use
You're awfully like me, just such another giggler.... Wait..." and she
You've hooked a fine fellow! I am glad for your sake and I've known
You, peaceful inhabitants of Moscow, artisans and workmen whom
Young Nicholas, now a slim lad of fifteen, delicate and intelligent,
Your misfortunes are cruel, but His Majesty the Emperor and King
Your mother in despair, and you all ruined.... No, my dear, you and
Zakhar held back his horses and turned his face, which was already
Zherkov's joke, and purposely trying to appear stupider than he really
Zhilinski, a Pole brought up in Paris, was rich, and passionately fond
[1] From _A System of Syphilis_, vol. ii., edited by D'Arcy Power and
[1] Michael Hart and the Foundation (and any other party you may
[1] Michael Hart and the Foundation (and any other party you may
[1] North Carolina ratified in November, 1789, and Rhode Island in May,
[2]  Honor the eBook refund and replacement provisions of this
[2]  Honor the eBook refund and replacement provisions of this
[Illustration: FIG. 111.--Calcification and Ossification in Biceps and
[Illustration: FIG. 119.--Femur and Tibia showing results of Acute
[Illustration: FIG. 131.--Syphilitic Hyperostosis and Sclerosis of
[Illustration: FIG. 14.--Leg Ulcers associated with Varicose Veins and
[Illustration: FIG. 142.--Multiple Chondromas of Phalanges and
[Illustration: FIG. 154.--Osseous Ankylosis of Femur and Tibia in
[Illustration: FIG. 18.--Callous Ulcer, showing thickened edges and
[Illustration: FIG. 19.--Tibia and Fibula, showing changes due to
[Illustration: FIG. 66.--Thrombosis in Tortuous and Pouched Great
[Illustration: FIG. 70.--Cirsoid Aneurysm of Orbit and Face, which
[Illustration: FIG. 93.--Callosities and Corns on the Sole and Plantar
[Illustration: FIG. 98.--Elephantiasis of Penis and Scrotum in native of
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Photograph from Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Photograph from Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Illustration: _Underwood and Underwood, N.Y._
[Portions of this eBook's header and trailer may be reprinted only
[Portions of this eBook's header and trailer may be reprinted only
[and thirty-eight members from all the States except Rhode Island.]
[ounce]j, and covered with oil-silk. Strain and over-use of the joint
[that is, from the farmers along the road]; and by having two or three
_"Serum Disease" and Anaphylaxis._--It is to be borne in mind that some
_Abnormal attitudes of the limb_ occur earlier, and are more pronounced
_Alabama_ and other claims but also all points of serious controversy
_Amputation_ is the last resource, and should be decided upon if the
_Aneurysm_ in the #leg and foot# is rare. It is almost always traumatic,
_Angioma_, _lymphangioma_, and _neuroma_ are described with the disease
_Argus_ on the seas, the heroic death of Lawrence and the victories of a
_Arthrolysis_, which consists in opening the joint and dividing the
_Bazin's Disease._--This term is applied to an affection of the skin and
_Brigham Young and His Economic System._--In Brigham Young the Mormons
_Cartilage and bone_, next to skin, are the tissues most frequently
_Changes in Structure and Function._--The mere interruption of the
_Clinical Features._--Both in the lower animals and in man the bacillus
_Clinical Features._--The onset of the disease is insidious, and
_Clinically_ the disease is attended with the gradual and painless
_Commerce and the Slave Trade._--Southern interests were also involved
_Diagnosis and X-ray Appearances of Myeloma._--The early diagnosis of
_Drainage._--In wounds in which no cavity has been left, and in which
_Early American Relations with California._--Time and tide, it seems,
_Electrolysis_ acts by decomposing the blood and tissues into their
_Etiology and Morbid Anatomy._--The actinomyces, which has never been
_Etiology and Morbid Anatomy._--The tetanus bacillus, which is a perfect
_Evacuation of the Abscess and Injection of Iodoform._--The iodoform is
_Exaggerated growth_ in the length of a bone is rare, and has been
_Extension_ with weight and pulley is of value in securing rest,
_Fat._--Adipose tissue has a low vitality, but it is easily retained and
_Forci-pressure._--Bleeding from the smallest arteries and from
_Fourth._ We have treated the causes and results of wars, the problems
_Gluteal fibrositis_ usually follows exposure to wet, and affects the
_Heat_ and _prolonged exposure to the Rontgen rays_ or _to radium
_History of the Civil War_, and teachers desiring to emphasize military
_Hydrops_ is most marked in the knee, and may affect also the adjacent
_Hypertrophied Scars._--Scars occasionally broaden out and become
_Hypertrophied fringes and pedunculated or loose bodies_ often co-exist
_If the wound becomes infected_ and suppuration occurs, the young nerve
_In compound fractures_, if a fragment dies and forms a sequestrum, it
_In lesions of the mouth and throat_, the teeth should be attended to;
_In the septum of the nose, the nasal bones, and the hard palate_,
_Joint Occupation and Settlement._--Both England and the United States
_Ligatures and Sutures._--To avoid the risk of implanting infective
_Maine_, riding in the harbor of Havana, was blown up and sunk, carrying
_Mechanics' Free Press_ in Philadelphia in 1828 and the establishment of
_Motor Phenomena._--There is immediate and complete loss of voluntary
_Multiple Chondromas and Osteomas of the Synovial Membrane._--In this
_Multiple subcutaneous lipomas_ are frequently symmetrical, and in a
_Muscle and nerve_, on the other hand, do not retain their vitality when
_Myxoma_, _lipoma_, and _angioma_ of bone are all rare.
_National Progress_ (American Nation Series), pp. 151-156 and p. 382.
_Neuropathic_ forms occur in certain chronic diseases of the brain and
_Pathology._--The disease commences and is most intense in the marrow of
_Peri-articular tubercle and abscess_ may result from the spread of
_Peri-synovial_ and _peri-bursal gummata_ are met with in relation to
_Phagocytosis._--In the production of immunity the leucocytes and
_Phlebitis and thrombosis_ are common sequelae of varix, and may prove
_Prognosis._--The rate of growth of the subcutaneous and mixed forms of
_Progressive Ossifying Myositis._--This is a rare and interesting
_Prophylaxis._--The toes and feet of old people, the condition of whose
_Races and Immigrants_.
_Representation and Taxation._--The Southern members of the convention
_Retention and Exudation Cysts._--_Retention cysts_ develop when the
_Separation and displacement of the epiphysis_ usually reveals itself by
_Skin and Connective Tissue._--The mode of regeneration of these tissues
_Stomach and Intestine._--Provided the peritoneal surfaces are
_Suppuration_ may occur in the vicinity of an aneurysm, and the aneurysm
_Taxation and Commerce._--There were none bold enough to dissent from
_Tendons and blood vessels_ readily lend themselves to transplantation
_Terminations and Sequelae._--A natural process of cure may occur at any
_Tertiary Lesions of the Skin and Subcutaneous Cellular Tissue._--The
_Tertiary lesions of mucous membrane and of the submucous cellular
_The "Necessary and Proper" Clause._--To the specified power vested in
_The Development of the Policy of "Protection."_--The war of 1812 and
_The General Health._--The patient must lead a regular life and
_The German Migration._--To political discontent and economic distress,
_The Jungle_. It became so savage and so wanton that the opening years
_The Labor of Women and Children._--If the industries, canals, and
_The Mucous Membranes_, and especially those of the _mouth_ and
_The Recognition and Removal of Sequestra._--So long as there is dead
_The System of Checks and Balances._--It is thus apparent that the
_The Tariff of Abominations._--They were overborne, however, in 1824 and
_The alimentary mucous membrane_, especially that of the lower ileum and
_The innocent_ form is usually fibrous or myxomatous, and is definitely
_The prognosis_ largely depends on the variety of cancer and on its
_The superficial branch of the radial_ (radial nerve) _and the deep
_Third._ We have dwelt fully upon the social and economic aspects of our
_Treatment._--In cases of thickening of the bone with persistent and
_Treatment._--In such conditions as compound fractures and severe
_Treatment._--In view of the frequency with which subcutaneous and mixed
_Treatment._--It is necessary to remove the whole tumour, and in
_Treatment._--Pain is relieved by full doses of opium or codein, and
_Treatment._--Recovery under conservative measures is not uncommon, and
_Treatment._--The first indication is the immediate and complete removal
_Treatment._--The first indication is to discover and deal with the
_Treatment._--The surgical treatment is early and free removal of the
_Treatment_ is both general and local. Any constitutional tendency, such
_Tubercle bacilli_ vary widely in their virulence, and they are more
_Tuberculous onychia_ is met with in children and adolescents. It
_Tubulo-dermoids_ arise from embryonic ducts and passages that are
_Ulceration and Necrosis of Cartilage._--The synovial tissue covering
_Ulceration of cartilage_ and _caries of the articular surfaces_ are
_Ulcers associated with Malignant Disease._--Cancer and sarcoma when
_Venereal warts_ occur on the genitals of either sex, and may form large
_When the skin is broken_ and caseous tuberculous tissue is exposed,
_arthritis_; of the blood vessels--chronic forms of _endarteritis_ and
_chondro-sarcomas_, and combinations of these; in all of them fully
_elastic webbing_. This webbing is porous and admits of evaporation of
_epineurium_, surrounding individual groups of bundles; and the
_fibroma_, and _myxoma_, are rare. Special mention should be made of the
_glio-sarcoma_, _myxo-sarcoma_, _chondro-sarcoma_, and _myo-sarcoma_ are
_incision of the abscess and removal of the tuberculous tissue in its
_iritis_, in one or in both eyes, and enlargement of the spleen and
_luetin_, and which gives a specific reaction resembling that of
_moist_, and there are several clinical varieties of each type.
_myxo-adenoma_, and when the gland spaces of the tumour become distended
_node_, and sometimes in the form of spicules, spoken of as
_periosteal sarcoma_ there is greater erosion and consequently greater
_phagocytosis_, and he recognised two forms of _phagocytes_: (1) the
_punctured, contused, and lacerated_ variety. Its severity depends on
_pyogenic bacteria_. This group includes a great many species, and these
_situations_, and the appearances vary with these: (1) On the inner
_sixth degree_ it passes still more deeply and implicates the bones.
_tubercle_. It is chiefly met with about the ankle, and most often in
_two-stage_ or _indirect method_ has been introduced, and its almost
_wool-sorter's disease_, and is almost universally fatal.
a $1000 bond issued before 1860 and paying interest at five per cent, he
a Kazan dressing grown tied round with a towel, and who evidently
a backward movement with his spine, and his arm trembled nervously;
a bad cardplayer, and who, also transformed by his uniform, came up to
a bathhouse, a lodge, and a large brick house with semicircular facade
a bit, but why not apologize to an old and honorable officer? Whatever
a card, putting a small stake on it, and beginning to play.
a century and a half--a new nation was being prepared on this continent
a clean shirt on the feather bed with its warmed and fragrant pillows,
a combination of circles: these sometimes surround an area of bone and
a common and as it were family feeling of animation.
a common complication of machinery and railway accidents. The violence
a compress, or an abscess forms and bursts with comparatively little
a cone and of the ranks of an army, or the ranks and positions in
a congratulation on his future son-in-law and on his daughter's
a considerable extent of a long bone. The pain varies in intensity, and
a considerable proportion of fibrous tissue, and is then called a
a contract between the state and the college, which the legislature
a court lackey and an idiot!... But what's the good?..." and he
a cover glass, dried, and stained with methylene blue or other basic
a crack in the wall. A cock crowed far off and another replied near
a crime, which altered his whole life and were connected with
a criminal," came into Pierre's head, "and from their point of view
a cross suspended from his neck and a star on his left breast. It
a crowd of officers ran after and around them shouting, "Hurrah!"
a crowd, and Pierre saw Karataev whom he had not yet seen that
a cyst, and from lipoma and other soft tumours. The differential
a different one from that which he had ridden at the review, and
a dinner is the nourishment it affords; and the purpose of marriage is
a distant relative of the Rostovs', a man of small means, and their
a doctor, Prince Andrew's valet, his coachman, and two orderlies.
a dose, and this is injected into the muscles above and behind the great
a duel with Burr in 1804. Thomas Jefferson and John Adams were yet alive
a failure. There was no system of national courts to which citizens and
a false step with his failing legs and turn to see if anyone had
a father could for their education, and they have both turned out
a feeling of chilliness and slight rise of temperature; these symptoms
a few acres of ground the corn and potatoes, they had filtered into the
a folding table and red chairs, then into the drawing room with a
a footman dressed in knee breeches, shoes, and a swallow-tail coat,
a foreign body or a piece of necrosed bone--a sinus results, and from it
a fortnight to seven or eight months, and is shorter in young than in
a freedom that does not exist, and to recognize a dependence of
a garter, which constricts the limb, and any obvious cause of direct
a gate in a wooden fence and, stopping, pointed out to him a small
a grave and laborious man who for years had groaned over the increasing
a great achievement and great happiness.
a great genius. And for some reason he went to kill Africans, and
a group of vesicles which soon burst and leave shallow ulcers with a
a hardhearted man he inspired such fear and respect as few hardhearted
a hazel-nut, and being ovoid, firm, and painless. More commonly the
a hero too, and that it would be shameful for him to leave them at a
a high rate of interest; and the tariff was a tax on land and labor for
a joy. (He now felt so glad to be free from his own lawlessness and to
a joyous, self-satisfied, youthful, and constant smile of animation,
a la grecque looked tenderly and gaily at him out of the gilt frame.
a large fluctuating swelling may form and acquire the characters of a
a last desperate effort Dolokhov pushed the porter aside, and when
a late manifestation of chronic dermatitis and may become malignant.
a laugh at this strange incident, and then shrugging his shoulders
a leafy tree with brilliantly white trunk and branches, and above it
a less favorable position to bargain with capital and therefore should
a letter at once, and she'll come here and all will be explained, or
a limit to the power of the beast that spoke great and blasphemous
a majority of the whole number of electors appointed, and if no person
a male flower to a pistil fertilizes the latter, and sees in this
a man he knew, Smolyaninov, and it mortified him to think that the
a man recommended to the Empress) and at the same time to console him,
a man who could justify to himself and to them the deceptions,
a match... and Soyna...?" And on taking leave of the governor's
a mere shell, and may break on the slightest pressure; the urine
a mild antiseptic dressing, and relying upon general treatment.
a mile away, were proud that they were swimming and drowning in this
a million and a half more votes than did Judge Parker in 1904, the palm
a minimum of inevitability and a maximum of freedom.
a monk he received and had a long talk with."
a month, reviewing troops and holding maneuvers. Nothing was ready for
a murder twenty years ago and has since lived peaceably and harmlessly
a napkin, from behind the next man's shoulders and whispered: "Dry
a pair of felt boots on his thin bony legs, and keeping on a worn,
a particular limb, usually the arm, as the humerus, radius, and ulna are
a peasant coat and cap. Physically he had changed much during this
a peculiarly restless and malign expression and went out again without
a piece of meat stuck on a ramrod. His sleeves were rolled up and
a pitiful, weary, and distracted air, though at the same time he was
a platform asserting the rights of slave owners in the territories and
a plume and a dagger, went up to her and began singing, waving his
a political necessity, and it seems to me that Napoleon showed
a portion only of the shaft of a long bone and be sharply defined from
a present from the prince--and carrying a stick as the prince did,
a probation; yet we cling to it and think to find happiness in it.
a puzzled smile. "I asked him whose subject he was, and he jabbered in
a rattle on the bridge as if nuts were being spilt, and the hussar
a red and frightened face, whipping up his skinny horse. Several
a regular board was established, known as the "Lords of Trade and
a removal to Kazan of the court and the girls' educational
a responsibility for my every word and deed? Yes, but what did he
a rich and ugly heiress in the same way. All this might, he thought,
a rich heiress. She felt this to be their last hope and that if
a slow and insidious process, and is unattended with the classical signs
a small shopkeeper, two seminary students, a peasant, and a house
a soft whispering voice incessantly and rhythmically repeating
a son and not an old maid," he would say. Or, turning to
a squeaky and unsteady voice, raising himself at the other side of the
a state and power might be arranged were it possible for all that to
a steady growth in industrial and commercial pursuits. Most of the
a steep incline and saw several men lying on the ground; they also met
a stout official with a cross hanging on his neck to follow him, and
a successful shot and the cry of "stretchers!" was heard. Most of
a system of policy and action which they thought could bring the
a tail coat, and put on narrow boots with pointed toes, and drive to
a tariff on farming implements, and abolished slavery. These barriers
a taste of this?..." said the huntsman, pointing to his dagger and
a tendency to subvert their rights and liberties; that the recent trade
a terrible dream. He had dreamed that he and Uncle Pierre, wearing
a thin slice of bone should be removed, and if foci in the marrow are
a third physical things, and the fourth a combination of these. Now
a third, and wheels began to revolve faster and faster, levers and
a tight place he runs away as quietly as he can, and often thinking to
a time at least--owing to the occlusion of the vessel, and the limb
a trap, while Nicholas rode with Natasha and Petya to "Uncle's" house.
a trot. All the officers and men of Denisov's squadron, though they
a tumbler with tea for himself and one for the beardless old man to
a visit, and I came in such a costume only to see my daughter. I beg
a warm regard for General Houston and, with his usual sympathy for rough
a week old. Infection takes place through the umbilicus, and manifests
a week or two a swelling appears at the site of injury, and becomes
a wolf was being chased, and that something had gone wrong. He
a woman, a lady, and on horseback--raised the curiosity of the serfs
a word to you and you... What?" he added with renewed irritation, "I
a world of strenuous and free activity, quite opposed to the spiritual
a wound. He glanced at Rostov with a feigned smile and waved his
a wrinkle comes and goes on his pale forehead. One of his legs
a year for this art.) Everybody in the stalls, boxes, and galleries
abdomen, the thorax, or the buttock, and the skin should be purified at
abdomens threateningly compressed, and producing by the rapid
abdominal aorta and compresses it against the vertebral column.
abdominal wall the scar tissue may stretch, and so favour the
abducting the arm and rotating it laterally.
ability and genius in Napoleon and Alexander, but we shall be unable
ability and had so long contested with the industrial and commercial
ability required to manage such difficult matters as fire and police
able lane a very long and complex story was written in the snow in front of me.
able to be up and going about his room, when, suddenly, without warning
able to defend Vilna. You are cut in two and have been driven out of
able to inflict punishments justly and unjustly. It is those people
able to live without it, and are called _facultative anaerobes_.
able to look about him and even speak.
able to put his father's affairs in order, and would even--he felt it-
able to save both great and small; Thou art God, and man cannot
abnormal attitude and with shortening of the limb. It may be possible to
abnormal mobility and grating of the articular surfaces, or by
abnormally vascular, and coloured brown from the deposit of blood
abolish slavery north of the Missouri Compromise line, and they spread
abolished and a small tax-paying qualification was substituted. New York
abolished and the freedmen given the ballot. The Southern planters who
abolished the old scheme of mayor and council and vested all power in
abolished; and in order that the mayor could be held to account, he was
abolitionists and feared by Henry Clay, ensued, the ostensible cause
abolitionists. An issue was set even for the moderate and timid who had
abominable, quite abominable!" said Prince Andrew, and he went off
about 100 (Fig. 25). The tongue is foul, the breath heavy, and, as a
about Anatole. One man told him he had not come yet, and another
about Arakcheev, and then about the Bible Society. Once or twice
about a dozen of the serf mummers and drive to "Uncle's."
about and break and tear whatever came to his hand. "Why did I tell
about and galloped off. But no sooner had he left Bagration than his
about and if others did not understand him it was so much the worse
about and that the little washing wharf, torn from its place and
about at one and the same time. This simultaneous discussion of many
about him and Count Markov? Count Markov was the only man who knew how
about him interested them greatly. They were telling him something and
about him, but suddenly his lips trembled and he began to cry, in
about his arms and baring his chest in the vain attempt to breath more
about it. And he is so clever and so good!" said Natasha. "Don't you
about replacing dead or wounded horses and harnessing fresh ones,
about something and made a change in the dressings, turning the
about such a base thing as money, and because their youth was over....
about that the sons and daughters of Virginia and the Carolinas mingled
about the Austrians and their uniforms, about their lines, about
about the balance of power, and the latter, evidently interested by
about the confusion of their affairs, and Nicholas again put it off.
about the first room in a nightcap and hospital dressing gown, with
about the old prince and planning something, and this disquieted and
about the same question, and beg you to choose a good moment to hand
about the yard gazing at his worn-out boots with lowered head and a
about the yard, and still they went on searching for and finding
about to get rid of stiffness, and the sounds were always
about to the music on wet boards, and young girls and old men, and the
about which experts differ widely. In the field of military and naval
about, gave them some further instructions, and was about to dismiss
about, took his leaded whip, buckled on his saber, and went out again.
above all quite forgetting the danger and all regard for
above disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you, and you
above disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you, and you
above the Prechistenka Boulevard, surrounded and sprinkled on all
above the clavicle, and winging of the scapula; the patient is unable to
above the elbow, and it must not cause pain either where it is applied
above the elbow. Agitated and flushed she turned round. He was looking
above the hyoid bone, and receives lymph from the tongue. _The
above the wrist. Passive movements and massage must be commenced as
above us both...." He lifted his head and again the thick vein in
abrupt and uncontrolled movements of the limbs may play a part in their
abruptly turned round, drew close to Balashev's face, and,
abscess and sinuses, and in our experience is often associated with
abscess has already infected the skin, each focus should be scraped and
abscess is capable of indefinite extension and increase in size until it
abscess is first evacuated by means of a large trocar and cannula
abscess the pus usually works its way towards the surface, and "points,"
abscess, and give rise to sinuses. The best treatment is to excise the
abscess, as is often the case, in the neck and axilla, the opening may
abscesses and ulcers; the nearest group of glands become infected at an
abscesses should be opened, and the further spread of infection
absence of citizens and of a deputation, and even the burning of
absence of functionating valves in the veins of the head and neck, so
absence of official maps and records. To meet this last situation,
absence of pain, of tenderness, and of common sensibility. The freedom
absent members, in such manner, and under such penalties as each House
absent-minded. A deep furrow ran across his forehead, and standing
absent-mindedness and inability to enter a room and converse in it
absent. The size, shape, and level of the cicatrix depend upon the
absolute alcohol, 10 per cent. water, and 5 per cent. carbolic acid, and
absolutely disbelieved both the princess' hints and the letter, but he
absolutely necessary to set aside his final goal and to say to
absorbed and its extreme virulence are often more than even a robust
absorbed and leave in its place a fibrous cicatrix. In the interior of a
abstraction, made some remark to Mademoiselle Bourienne and then again
abundance in the North and South. "Every farm house," says Coman, the
abundant serous exudate, and with this there may be a considerable
abundant that it forms a thick crust on the surface, and in the flat
abuse flew from side to side, and all the faces bore the same
abuses and designed to accomplish tangible results in the name of public
abusing someone, as if they were all his enemies and had insulted him,
abyss of deceit and misery. A man offended you and you shot him, and
accent. He becomes weak and anaemic, and loses his appetite. There is
accent. He was breathless with agitation, his face was red, and when
accept it and fixed the stake himself. Nicholas submitted to him,
accept the popular nominee and the country witnessed the spectacle of a
accept this challenge or not. Anatole did not release him, and
accept writers and ladies as forces producing events--again take
acceptance of that solution of the question, and historic
accidentally, however, during range practice for example, and may then
accompanied by a complicated interplay of interests, arguments, and
accompanied by a hissing or gurgling sound, and with the next expiration
accompanied by two hussars. The officer, the soldiers, and their
accompanying him to await him there and rode on at a quick trot
accomplished and belonged to the past.
accomplished; and at the same time he began to be conscious of the
accordance with precise laws defined by a pseudo-theory of war, and
according to the nature, virulence, and location of the organisms
according to tradition, blurted out that Marshall could go ahead and
accordingly cut off the trade and business of the hostile member and
account changing public sentiment, blew hot and cold, losing the state
account for what happens in history, and that history can only be
account of his moaning, and at Mytishchi she moved into a worse hut
account of the liability to lesions of the mouth and throat, he should
account of their political views and partisan activities.
account; all his actions are evidently pitiful and mean, but again
accounts with stewards, quarrels, and intrigues, its ties, society,
accumulate, the respiration becomes shallow and laboured, the face of a
accumulates, and the gland and its duct become distended into a cyst.
accumulation of all powers, legislative, executive, and judicial, in the
accumulation of riches and the growth of a large urban working class.
accurate apposition and secured by sutures, they unite directly with a
accurate apposition, and especially when there is any prospect of oozing
accurate apposition, are introduced with comparatively little pain, and
accurately apposed, wounds of the stomach and intestine heal with great
accustomed to do everything accurately and not just anyhow, and that
accustomed to that idea and have become so used to it that the
achieved miracles of valor. The soldiers, officers, and generals were
achievements at Camden and Guilford were blotted out by his surrender at
acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him, and by a
acquaintances had left Moscow, and though everybody tried to
acquaintances was a mixed and indefinite one. In Petersburg they
acquaintances, and she became still more animated and chattered away
acquired, held, divided among heirs, and bought and sold exercises a
acres of forests themselves in making ties, bridge timbers, and
acrimonious debate, both measures were passed and signed by President
across his puffy face, and bowing low and respectfully he took the
across the plains and over the buffalo trails. In a single year, 1884,
across the rich wheat fields of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. Baltimore,
act destroying all trade and intercourse with America. Congress was
act on Natasha. Flushed and agitated she went about the house all that
acted toward them, and feeling all the strength of her love for
acting upon him. What is conscience and the perception of right and
action and avoided giving battle.
action and management of the concern.... The slaveholders, contributing
action as arranged, and after going behind other columns for about two
action decides the fate of the capital and of your empire! Russia will
action gave him new energy and strength. He was continually
action is markedly depressed, and the pulse is soft and compressible.
action of the associated organisms and the combined effects of their
action of the organisms and their toxins on the adjacent tissues leads
action on the federal amendment. Between 1878 and 1896 the Senate
action performed at a certain moment in time becomes irrevocable and
action was taken by Congress on April 19, 1898, and approved by the
action, and in the company of well-known, elderly, and respected
action, we shall never know the whole chain since it is endless, and
action; and in March, 1773, the House of Burgesses passed a resolution
actions and report upon them.
actions flowed from him as evenly, inevitably, and spontaneously as
actions had been the peoples' welfare and that he could control the
actions, their actions appear to us more under compulsion and less
active and independent spirits among the farmers and gathering to itself
active and printing presses were so numerous that official review of all
active during the progress of an inflammation; and bronchial catarrh is
active in converting the natives to the Christian faith and enterprising
active in this way, the tuberculous tissue undergoes softening and
active sympathy with the Southern cause. Editors were arrested and
actively flexed and extended, the fringes may be felt moving under the
activities--the idea that there is not and cannot be any science of
activity as far as possible. Locally, warm and moist dressings, such as
activity is given to directing and commanding, take less less part
activity reached Kutuzov's headquarters and the staffs of the
activity was so unswervingly directed to a single aim; and it would be
activity, and this quiet regular life is very bad for him. Others
actresses! The police tried to interfere, and what did the young men
acts and way of life--were glad of Pierre's return because they knew
acts were burdensome and grievous; and that the right to petition the
acts, records, and proceedings shall be proved, and the effect thereof.
acute and we withdrew still farther, because Barclay de Tolly was an
acute attacks was driven inwards and never left him for a moment.
acute bed-sore beginning as a blister, and passing on to the formation
acute symptoms have passed off, and by feeling bare bone with the probe.
acute; later, hot-air baths, massage, and exercises are indicated. It is
added Napoleon, accentuating each syllable, as with a composure and
added quickly, glancing at Natasha and noticing on her face
added to each tumblerful. Barley-water and "Imperial drink," which
added, "and then a note of hand for only sixty thousand."
added, addressing Prince Vasili, and without waiting for an answer she
added, turning to Sonya and indicating by this French greeting her
addition to our therapeutic measures, and the simplicity of its
address. He is a wise and clever fellow."
addressed George III, Paine went to the other extreme and assailed him
addressed turned round crossly and told him Bolkonski was on duty
addresses, turned from La Follette to Roosevelt and on February 24,
addressing another, "ride along the line and that tomorrow we attack."
addressing himself to Speranski, was relating an anecdote, and
addressing prisoners, and which is supposed to preclude human frailty,
adenoma, but it tends to infect its surroundings and gives rise to
adhering and starting the bleeding afresh when it is removed.
adhesions have formed and that these interfere with the recovery of
adhesions, and this procedure must be carried out with caution, in view
adhesions; _croupous_, when it coagulates on a free surface and forms a
adjacent joint. It consists of two layers, an outer fibrous and an inner
adjacent lymph vessels and glands. The occupation of the patient may
adjacent nerve centres and nerve tracts, and is liable to become the
adjacent structures, and the function of the associated muscle is
adjoining the epidermis is known as the papillary portion, and contains
adjust it by fumbling, and that blindfold.... Yes, our body is just
adjusting and agreeing upon their mutual obligations."
adjutant reproached him for not having stayed at the palace, and
adjutant riding over it trained a gun on him and fired several
adjutant was also there and sat dozing on the rolled-up bedding,
adjutant's and jolted him at every step.
adjutants and company commanders calculated and reckoned, and by
adjutants galloped off, and an hour later, Lavrushka, the serf Denisov
adjutants general to Petersburg and plunged into an open struggle with
administration of cod-liver oil, and of tonics, such as strychnin,
administration of drugs and in the use of exploring needles, are not
administration of such drugs as scopolamin or morphin, and with a view
administration through royal governors was the second and opposite
administrator, instead of appearing a ruler and a source of power,
admired her patience and devotion, but tried to keep aloof from her.
admires the bee sucking from the chalice of a flower and says it
admission of Missouri stripped of slavery; and the North, powerful in
admit one's own nothingness and immeasurable meanness.
admitted who were deep-rooted legitimists, and patriotic views were
admitted. I nominated him and was the Rhetor. A strange feeling
admonish Nicholas and beg him to abandon his purpose. Nicholas replied
adolescents, and in eunuchs who have been castrated in childhood or
adopted and sent to the colonies and the crown for approval. The
adorer and was ready to accept it; but some secret feeling of
adoring eyes off him. His brother and sisters struggled for the places
adult, causing expansion of the bone with decided increase in girth and
adults, being met with up to the age of fifty or sixty, and is
adults, on the scalp (Fig. 99), face, neck, back, and external genitals.
advance and never coincides with the direction of any one force.
advance, an exposure of the weakness of the French, and the
advanced and stock and sheep raising introduced on a large scale,
advanced for a long time, always in the same fog, descending and
advantage of our folly, ship for us, buy for us, sell to us, and, after
advantage of their unguarded moments and repealed the law giving the
advantage. He was merely a man of the world who had got on and to whom
advantageous as a position than any other plain in Russia--and there
advantageously attack a weaker one and annihilate him, or at least
advantages of the new government, will draw thither farmers and artisans
adventure appealed to the restless and the lure of profits to the
adventurers, settlers, and artisans. By 1847, more than one-fifth of the
adventures. His coming vexed me from the first, and I said something
adverse to Southern interests and, by a similar chain of reasoning,
advice and help! He is a most absent-minded and absurd fellow, but
advice, had bought a wood from the prince, had begun to trade, and now
advice; but no, you go and blurt it all straight out before the
advised one thing and another something else.
advisers and plans, destroyed the first army's energy and it retired.
advises the use of Esmarch's tourniquet, and that the curetting be
advocated a new constitution for the colony and absolute independence
aerogenes capsulatus_, usually in association with other anaerobes, and
affair of the inlaid portfolio. Pierre signed the deed and after
affair with the purchaser was going on satisfactorily, and there was
affair. Every general and every soldier was conscious of his own
affairs and of Pierre himself in those early days. From the death of
affairs did not improve. Natasha and Nicholas often noticed their
affairs many remedies were offered; none with more zeal and persistence
affairs may assign campaigns to members of the class for study and
affairs were falling into greater and greater disorder, and that it
affairs, his wife's affairs, and his official duties. He regarded
affect the size and tension of these fluid swellings is useful in
affectation of military bluntness and geniality with which he always
affectation, pride, and contemptuous irony, and acquired the
affected and when the cord lesion is such as will permit of the patient
affected chatter. Jests fell flat, news was not interesting, and the
affected cords being exposed and stretched through an incision in the
affected her both agreeably and disagreeably and called up a whole
affected limb by means of massage, exercises, baths, and electricity.
affected limb the nerve bundles supplying the spastic muscles, and, by
affected nerve, some muscles continuing to act and to respond normally
affected part and to the accumulation of leucocytes and proliferated
affected when he wished to speak contemptuously, and noticing Boris,
affected. The disease is of slow progress and may become arrested; life
affecting the common cause. Such, sir, is the concert and vigilance and
affection and gratitude. The princess heard her, not heeding her words
affection for the government they left behind and sacred fire from the
affection for the king's person and government, firmly spread on record
affection the swelling is nodular and uneven, and the subjective
affection, and is analogous to tuberculous disease of the synovial
affection. In recent cases the symptoms subside under rest and the
affectionate letters to your parents, and if you think you may be
affectionate of sons and brothers.
affectionately. Princess Mary flushed and ran out of the room. A few
affections of the Chinese people and, in the long run, as he remarked
affections of the boisterous West. Farmers of Ohio, Indiana, and
affects the gums, the teeth may become loose and fall out.
affects the limbs and superficial parts, leaving gangrene of the viscera
afferent lymph vessels. These vessels may share in the inflammation and
afflicted the country. In the spring and summer of 1857, fourteen
afford protection to their liberties and rights." States that had
afforded him a new and joyous sensation.
afforded him pleasure, and he went quickly up to the prisoners, who
afforded salmon for 4000 cases in 1866 and for 1,400,000 cases in 1916.
affords in this world and the next. Helene was touched, and more
afraid I am for him and for myself and about everything!..." Natasha
afraid I neglect him in favor of my own: we all have children and
afraid of bees and declares that bees exist to sting people. A poet
after Napoleon was overthrown and sent into exile at Elba in the spring
after a fortnight's retreat, the Russian troops had halted and after a
after a month passed in quiet surroundings, she felt more and more
after a pause, and touched her hand as she did not reply.
after a public hearing, to determine whether just and reasonable rates
after a sharp night frost, and the cheerful glitter of that autumn day
after a while, sometimes even accompanied him on his carousals, and
after all impossible to express all one thinks; and that he had
after another greeting the Tsar with the strains of the march, and
after birth. When the tumour is made up of a meshwork of caverns and
after careful drying to wrap it in a thick layer of absorbent and
after he had been ordered to return to military service--and
after him. He dined with me on Wednesday. As for them"--and she
after himself and, in passing through to the drawing room, stopped a
after his marriage--when the marriageable daughters and their
after hour, and even to make scenes. This last consideration moved
after losing her own father. She is very good-natured, and my father
after sitting so long, and replacing their purses and pocketbooks,
after that. These were temptations of the devil and Princess Mary knew
after the collapse of his plans and the surrender of his army in 1777,
after the excited nobleman, and all in the same tone. Many spoke
after the murder of the duc there was one martyr more in heaven and
after the plunder and Napoleon managed to escape.
after their active service, were stationed near Olmutz and the camp
after they were over. After his liberation he reached Orel, and on the
after troops and begged for seats on the gun carriages. The jaunty
after two bottles of Margaux he was surrounded, and talking,
after year, the machinery for political and judicial control over
afterward engaged in "insurrection or rebellion," or "given aid and
afterwards and wanted to comfort you, but do you know, I felt
afterwards became a habit affording him a special kind of pleasure and
afterwards light gleamed from the east and the sun's rim appeared
afterwards recalled that impulse to unsolicited and inexplicable
afterwards regret. But Boris spoke distinctly, clearly, and dryly,
afterwards surprised how simple and easy had been what used to
again as a partner, and the old men began smilingly to talk about
again began kissing each other on the face, and then to Prince
again broken open, the padlocks smashed, the books mutilated, and
again brought his snuffbox to rest and, without looking at Weyrother
again confused his thoughts, and when he came to himself a third
again every time she shook herself and moved toward the wood where she
again in 1828 when Northern manufacturers and Western farmers forced
again in the sixties. During the war, industries and railways had
again leaned his arms on the back of the sofa and closed his eyes.
again raised his cap to Natasha) "but as for counting skins and what
again struck up, the count and countess kissed, and the guests,
again swam to the surface of his mind with peculiar clearness and
again that terrible dividing line of uncertainty and fear-
again the horses jostled one another and neighed, not disturbing the
again thought it his duty to assure him that he was not French and
again without attempting to break through and take the road Kutuzov
again, and let this always be a reminder to me," and he pointed to the
again, and standing still in the middle of the room he raised his
again, and with his hand at the salute rode up to the general.
again, and with marked solemnity and stiffness accompanied her to
again, as soon as all turned toward him, excused himself and
again, but a few days later the countess sent for Sonya and, with a
again. "Were you kept under lock and key? Who hindered his coming to
again. He looked and recognizing in her both the old and the new
again. Pierre unfolded his cold table napkin and, resolving to break
again. Washington, Hamilton, and Madison insisted that a new
again: 'Sergey Kuzmich, From all sides,'... and tears, till at last
against "government by injunction as a new and highly dangerous form of
against Britain the right of local trial by jury and with what
against Spain and thus there was precipitated a war which ended in the
against a father's will. One wants to do it peacefully and lovingly.
against external aggression the political independence and territorial
against external aggression the territorial integrity and existing
against her mother and burst into such a loud, ringing fit of laughter
against him and that they wanted to reunite him with his wife, and
against his daughter's and move away.
against invasion; and on application of the legislature, or of the
against it; and South Carolina, weary of verbal battles, decided to
against its policies in Cuba, thus opening a game of thrust and parry
against one another, you two, and I'll look on!"
against slavery and poured them in upon Congress. The flood of them was
against the Alien and Sedition laws. He induced the legislature to pass
against the Manna Seekers, and fuss about an authentic Scotch carpet
against the foreigners and an increase in patriotic zeal.
against the government were the first statesmen and orators of the land.
against the legislature and the people of the United States." Hamilton,
against the mother country on account of the trade and navigation laws
against the political current. They were deprived of the energetic and
against the redoubt and come into line with the rest of the forces.
against the sovereign's wishes and who had removed the Grand Duke
against the walls of the hive in their flight. Here and there among
agents to China and Japan to discover what American goods and produce
aggravation of the disease and persistent suppuration, but there is a
agility and self-satisfaction lifting one hind leg and hopping along
agitating thoughts and feelings that had formerly seemed so important.
agitation in season and out. More than once were they able to force a
agitation of the subject. They were difficult to enforce and it was
agitation, sat down in an armchair and burst into tears.
ago, in Moscow and when traveling, but at such times I collapsed so
agrarian civilization of the old Northwest and reaching out to the very
agreeable to us, and I accept your offer. I am glad. And my husband...
agreeable), "and so I wish to arrange just a small party for my own
agreeably ending Pierre's unpleasant and unamiable outburst. After the
agreed that they would speak nothing but Russian and that those who
agreed upon and could not now be altered. "We start tomorrow and I'm
agreed with Mouton and issued orders--as the historians tell us--to
agreed with him about everything. If he replied and argued, it was
agricultural economy was unbroken by plantations and feudal estates. "In
agriculture and industry, Hill was an active participant. His was the
agriculture, trade, and every administration.
ahead of others, and the strokes of his whip fell on the apron of
aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the
aid and repaid them by urging the enfranchisement of women.
aid of the Confederate cause "illegal and void." Millions of dollars
aide-de-camp picked up and returned a glove Pierre had dropped; the
aides-de-camp and adjutants! But this is what we'll do: I have a
aiding the organisms and handicapping the tissues, such as the presence
aim now was to test the cadet's courage, so he drew himself up and
aimlessly moving about, following their old habits and hardly aware of
aims at closing the opening between the sac and its feeding artery, and
aims, and feels with his whole being that he can now do or abstain
air was sharp, but toward evening the sky became overcast and it began
air was still, warm, and silent. Occasionally the whistle of a
air-men. A rectangular flap of skin is marked out in the neck and chest,
air-passage, and on the oesophagus, giving rise to symptoms referable to
air. "A man told me to give you this-" and she handed Natasha a
air. Mr. McKinley chose the older and more formal plan. He received
alarm and bewilderment. In contrast to his former reticent taciturnity
albuminuria, and often insomnia with delirium. Death may take place
alien to him and brimful of joys unknown to him, a different world,
alive--he had forgotten she was dead--and Tikhon reminded him that she
alkaline reaction, with a specific gravity of about 1030, and it has a
all Moscow, that everyone will say that you, drunk and not knowing
all be killed," a sergeant was saying angrily and reproachfully.
all beside themselves over there and one can't make anything out."
all called up from ten villages around and they carted for twenty days
all came to see him, tried to ingratiate themselves with him, and it
all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls;--to
all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction;--to controversies to
all comme il faut and in the latest fashion. This Natasha noticed at
all criminals. And so thinks Timokhin and the whole army. They
all day, but he did not come. On the second and third day it was the
all day, sometimes keeping well back in them and sometimes coming to
all dwarfs and one peasant woman will toss three of them with a
all else. He rose and went to the door to bolt and lock it. Everything
all ends and parts of the army, and in the night from the nineteenth
all fell on me--Denisov and Natasha... Natasha is absurd. How she
all had their coats unbuttoned and were standing in a semicircle
all his life he had loved and still loved only one woman, and that she
all interests or desires, and the whole secret lies in the terrible
all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including
all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including
all meant to represent, but it was so pretentiously false and
all meant, but Helene was engaged in conversation with a general and
all measures necessary and proper to accomplish that purpose were
all mingled into the same sweet and solemn hymn. "Oh, this is
all news so that it appears to confirm what they desire, and he knew
all of war, even here amid fieldwork and the calm of nature--which
all parts of the country and among all classes, the question of the hour
all ridden by, Denisov touched his horse and rode down the hill.
all riding round the wolf, crying "ulyulyu!" shouting and preparing to
all sides, and all Moscow as far as Pierre could see was one vast
all spies and bring them to him, and now reproached them for doing so;
all stood out in the transparent air in most delicate outline and with
all that day now seemed to him quite clear and completely solved. He
all that grows does so by sprouting into two leaves, and that the
all that he had heard (as he used afterwards to say), and gave
all that is good and noble in you will be lost. It will all be
all that is required of them: the same is true of the skin and its
all the Southwestern, Mountain, and Pacific states, except Texas and
all the armies and the whole region--powers no commander in chief ever
all the bales of cotton picked on Southern plantations. Iron, boots and
all the chains in front of, beneath, and behind this muscle are
all the details of the victory and his own calm courage during the
all the dishes, wines, and kinds of dessert, in order to send a full
all the interossei, the two medial lumbricals, and the adductors of the
all the other prisoners were exactly the ones they wanted and that
all the people at the ball alike were good, kind, and splendid people,
all the present! Quicker, quicker--and that they should leave me in
all the rules of art. One can imagine what confusion and obscurity
all the same now?" thought he. "And what will be there, and what has
all the societies in Petersburg, and a passionate devotee of the new
all the wage-earners of the country lived and worked."
all these events, and bowed his old head in a spiritual sense as if
all these occupations as hindrances to life, and considered that
all this seemed grotesque and amazing to Natasha. She could not follow
all this time and of no use to anyone--while she felt herself so
all where it is. You must know. We will take it at once and show it to
all who came from the field of battle, and of those who stood around
all without exception respected and feared her.
all worldly things, and to them she showed her albums filled with
all you have of hope and strength merely weighs you down and
all, Vera was twenty-four, had been taken out everywhere, and though
all, and that if he loved Natasha he might dispense with permission
all, and without promising to help me?" thought Pierre, rising with
all--carried on by vis inertiae--pressed forward into boats and into
allaying muscular spasm and relieving intra-articular tension and of
alloit-il faire dans cette galere?" occurred to him, and he began to
allow one to penetrate to his soul, and his delicate white hands,
allowed Napoleon to reach Moscow, and when did I do so? When was it
allowed to become dilated. Elastic stockings, and bandages made entirely
allowed to live and cook their porridge. Moscow was burned by its
allowed to retract, and especially if the wound suppurates, they become
allowing each the privilege of admiring her beautiful figure and
almost equal frequency in breech and in vertex presentations, and the
almost in love with this woman, who was so beautiful and so kind.
almost insane--unprofitable to himself, to the count, and to the
almost to his horse's mane and pulled up beside the hussar. He was
aloft, and again repeated his long-drawn cry, "A-tu!" (This call and
alone and that he attached too much importance to these matters. But
alone could give them strength to move on and endure their present
alone for their ideas and their customs. They witnessed an expanding
alone together, Prince Vasili announced his hopes and wishes to the
alone understood the Revolution and quelled it, and so for the general
alone with the old man he will talk things over and then come on to
alone. Love is God, and to die means that I, a particle of love, shall
alone... that tremendous fortune... and what is his life worth? It's a
along and imagining that we are going home, but that heaven knows
along the dusty road came the infantry in ranks, bareheaded and with
along the line of march between Philadelphia and Washington and thus to
along the lumen of the segment to be dealt with, and a ligature applied
along the muddy, slippery road, looking at his feet and at the
along the nerve, which are exaggerated by movement and by pressure. The
along the road and field leading to the Otradnoe covert.
along the southern border of Arizona and New Mexico was secured on
along the vein, and the solution is then slowly introduced; before
along with the instruments. Horse-hair and fishing-gut may be sterilised
along..." said he, glancing wearily round, and he stepped onto the
aloofness from everything earthly and a strange and joyous lightness
already appeared in Petersburg and that a copy, which he had himself
already be seen. Prince Andrew stopped and began examining the
already been sold, and the other was mortgaged and the interest so
already descended into the valley toward the ponds and lakes and
already endured by the people, of the possibility of failure and so
already heard that story more than once and were tired of it. Only the
already in bed they would begin talking and go on till morning. They
already lost him. He bent over him and, as his sister had taught
already quite light. Dolokhov's back in his white shirt, and his curly
already seen the young master, and, before he had reached the
already two days' march farther on and in quite another position.
already, but then he cannot know what I think of him and may imagine
also Rontgen rays and radium emanations.
also brought new and serious problems to the governments of the states
also by honest opinion and matured conviction the exact opposite of
also in the subcutaneous and intermuscular cellular tissue, and in the
also is injured and an arterio-venous aneurysm established.
also laid the judicial foundation for a broad and liberal view of the
also met with in the larynx, in the ducts of the breast, and in the
also opened out a new and hitherto uncomprehended side of life: belief
also risen and was moving through the crowd toward the actress.
also the steel skewers used by Spence and Wyeth, or a special clamp or
also there. She had been married during the previous winter, and being
also this man with the white forehead, black eyebrows, and red lips.
alteration in the structure of the vessels, and is allied to tumours of
alterations, and the X-ray shadow does not differ from the normal. It is
although as a rule they remain dry and aseptic.
altogether and dissolved into nothingness.
altogether different and higher.'"
altogether. Though staggered by the proposal, he and Monroe decided to
always be my daughters' first confidante, and that if Nicholas, with
always busy, and only at night allowed himself conversation--of
always comes as a surprise, when the sun hangs low and gives more heat
always declared that Buonaparte is invincible, and that all Europe
always eats well and, in particular, drinks well. "So do come and dine
always had before his mind's eye the estate as a whole and not any
always had lady companions, but who they were and what they were
always looked as clean and well washed as the tips of one's fingers
always observed characteristic epithelioid cells and giant cells in
always occupied his mind--about life and death, and chiefly about
always occur. Their very numbers and their crowded and swift
always plenty of room to avoid capture and there is the night when
always returned again. Probably it had never had an owner, and it
always saw and noticed everything, arranged that she and Madame Schoss
always seemed to me to have an excellent heart, and that is the
always shall, and I want nothing more."
always stronger than a pawn, and two pawns are always stronger than
always strove toward the infinite, the eternal, and the absolute,
always takes place through an abraded surface, and usually on one of the
always the most stubborn who remain victors," replied Raevski, "and in
always the same life that is no life, and the same surroundings in
always unlucky." Memories of Austerlitz and of Dolokhov flashed
always well disposed toward him, and Kutuzov suggested that he
always. He had only to express a wish and Natasha would jump up and
always... and now... in this cond..."
am afraid of him," he thought, and again he felt something terrible
am dissatisfied with your younger son? Between ourselves" (and her
am his wife and you marry Nicholas!"
am in," said he to himself in moments of humility; and after living
am much amused to watch the change in the tone and manners of the
am now going to the war, the greatest war there ever was, and I know
am only bivouacking here and have just come to look round. I am
am serving because I alone have any influence with my father, and
am so contented and happy with him. I only wish you were all as
amazed Nicholas and even made him regard Bolkonski's courtship
amazed at their own boldness, feared every minute to be surrounded and
ambassador was there, and a foreign prince of the blood who had of
ambassador, and how particularly gracious he was to a certain lady, or
ambassadors, ministers, and various generals, whom Peronskaya
ambulance station on the field of Borodino. His feverish state and the
ambush and, chirruping something in their shrill little voices and
amendment was passed and ratified, expressly declaring that no citizen
amiable as Frenchmen are, and was, as all Moscow said, an
ammunition carts, more soldiers, and now and then women.
ammunition chests and ordnance. And all this moved, or seemed to move,
among "the most vital internal problems" of the age, and forcibly
among five men was frequently found to introduce dissensions and
among men and women of strong arms and willing hearts ready to build
among school-children, and show a remarkable tendency to disappear
among the extreme radicals were foreign in birth and citizenship.
among the flower tubs and hid there.
among the suite and said in French:
among them I find nothing but hearty kindness and--so far as is
among them, grudging and stingy no doubt, but still cooperation. The
among those parties a strong affinity between their great and general
ampoule of iodine carried by the wounded man is broken, and its contents
amusement in a circle of friends, and his guests, understanding his
amusing and had a double meaning.
amusing, but because she felt happy and was unable to control her
an adequate defense and, failing in that plea, himself headed a revolt
an air of not wishing to speak to anyone, mounted his bay and rode
an appellation, shrugged his shoulders and said that if Pierre
an autocratic government in Russia, or a Revolution in France and a
an early stage the diaphragm and the muscles of the anterior abdominal
an easy matter to decide that Congress should have power to lay and
an elevated position, and must constantly wear a firm bandage of
an embroidered court uniform, knee breeches, and shoes, and had
an eminent authority: "They are all allied and intertwined by their
an empty and deserted village again ascended. The horses began to
an engagement that day or the next, and giving him full liberty to
an enormous size. The tumour is ill-defined, and varies in consistence.
an expert for new and fertile soil; and so, north and south, as soon as
an heiress and choosing the dowerless Sonya. On this occasion, he
an hour, was over, Rostov said nothing, and he spent the rest of the
an hussar battalion, and when a brave officer was needed he was
an immense impetus to cattle raising and sheep farming. So the meat of
an impress of tidiness and good management. Some domestic serfs Pierre
an indescribable charm of sorrow and self-forgetfulness that her
an influx of foreigners ready to work for lower wages and thus undermine
an inmate of the house, and many others such as Petya's tutors, the
an inn, where two roads parted. Both of them led downhill and troops
an instinctive act and a second nature. It is only possible here to
an invasion by Antichrist, and though Julie (now Princess
an irresistible desire to do so. A new sensation of comfort and relief
an officer and a wounded hero, would it be right to remind him of
an officer of the French army; and Nicholas felt that the presence
an old man, taking her into society and dancing the mazurka with her
an old uniform. He made friends with and sought the acquaintance of
an old wolf, I want only that!" thought he, straining eyes and ears
an open and resolute friend, and a virtuous supporter of the rights of
an overcoat and a cocked hat standing apart from his suite in front of
an unbroken system of freehold farms. In the Gulf states and the lower
an unconsciously happy smile. Occasionally he rose and walked about
an unfastened cloak, wide breeches hanging down in creases, and a
anaerobe, is widely distributed in nature and can be isolated from
anaesthesia, marked muscular wasting, and diminution or loss of voluntary
anaesthesia. Puncture with a tenotomy knife and scraping the interior,
analyzing the properties of manure, before entering into the debit and
anarchy and mere bloodthirsty strife.
anastomosis between the superficial and deep veins of the leg is less
anatomical and clinical features in common.
anatomical distribution of the blocked arteries, and is arrested as soon
anatomy and physiology of the body and with the various pathological
ancient capital. Moscow, abounding in provisions, arms, munitions, and
ancient times has occupied the best human minds and from most
and      8 guns of Friant's and Dessaix's divisions
and "914" groups.
and "Anglo-man." Had it not been for the conduct of the French
and "rrrr!"
and "sovereign assemblies of the people" set aside the Constitution in
and "ti-ti" once more. At the same time he felt that above his face,
and 'piti-piti-piti'...? That's enough, please leave off!" Prince
and (2) the _macrophages_, which include the larger hyaline leucocytes,
and 103). It almost never infects the lymph glands.
and 1893, the Democrats held the House of Representatives for fourteen
and Alabama, in 1819, took their places among the United States of
and Alexander were called, was such that when Napoleon declared war on
and Alpatych watched for it too.
and Alpatych.
and American property on the high seas. They had filled our communities
and Anatole Kuragin have turned all our ladies' heads."
and April 2, six American merchant vessels were torpedoed, in most cases
and Arakcheev on the military. Soon after his arrival Prince Andrew,
and Arkansas were well adapted to the cultivation of cotton and tobacco
and Associated Powers assembled to pronounce judgment upon the German
and Atlanta the Chicago of the South.
and Augusta had suffered severely from fires. Charleston was described
and Bennigsen some diamonds and a hundred thousand rubles, others also
and Bonaparte smiled. "The young Cossack made his mighty
and Bonaparte were mere infringers of the true power, while a
and Boris were alone, Rostov felt for the first time that he could not
and Boris, escape from the drawing room.
and Boris, even had he wished to, could not have done so on the
and Boris. He is his godson," she added, her tone suggesting that this
and Brother that Rostopchin had managed affairs badly in Moscow, he
and Carteret, in 1664, passed under the direct government of the crown
and Catholics, who clung to the religion of their fathers.
and Caulaincourt. In this group Helene, as soon as she had settled
and Connecticut. The carriage of slaves from Africa to the Southern
and Count Rostov, glancing angrily at the author who went on reading
and Davis's Straits, while we are looking for them beneath the arctic
and Delaware rivers were blocked; and General Burgoyne with his British
and Democrats assembled in February, 1854, and resolved to form a new
and Democrats were divided, the line being drawn between the East on the
and Denisov were leaving to join their regiment after Epiphany.
and Dmitri, and several acquaintances, and the countess reread the
and Dolokhov wrong, and further that he was disagreeable and
and Egypt, his insane self-adulation, his boldness in crime and
and French whose activities against the American government's policy
and Frenchmen with an air not of the city but of the camp, walking
and Frenchmen, in a variety of uniforms. To the right and left of
and George William Curtis, who had opposed slavery when opposition was
and Georgia will sprinkle the whole composition with sawdust. Such an
and Georgia--the slaves nearly equalled or actually exceeded the whites
and Helene sat silently side by side almost at the bottom of the
and House of Representatives, open all the certificates and the votes
and I am sure her prayer will be answered. Why don't I pray for what I
and I expect it will go hard with him."
and I shall grudge nothing to help you. I am myself going away because
and I'll get round him.... Listen! I'll take your bet tomorrow, but
and I, understand what they are and who we are."
and Ilagin kept stealthily glancing at one another's dogs, trying
and Indian War, was fired in the wilds of Pennsylvania. There began the
and John Rutledge of South Carolina. Eight had been signers of the
and Kentucky who, even if they had no love for slavery, were no friends
and Kutuzov appeared in the doorway. The general with the bandaged
and Kutuzov with his eagle nose and puffy face appeared in the
and Lucca laying their petitions before Monsieur Buonaparte, and
and Madame Kwudener, and wead Ecka'tshausen and the bwethwen. Oh, they
and Mamma has sent for me to go and dine at the Apraksins'. Read the
and Mamma too! Only you need not have bought me this," she added,
and Marquette were joined to the waters plowed by Sir Francis Drake
and Martinists, even in Novikov's time. For a long while after he
and Mary Hendrikhovna blushed till her eyes filled with tears and
and Mary, I can't blame her for it at all. I know how she loves and
and Mary, a gentleman of the old school. Jefferson and his three
and Mary, founded in Virginia in 1693, and King's College, now Columbia
and Michael Ivanovich are the two people to whom he is always gentle
and Minnesota.
and Moscow and were killed by them.
and Mr. Z."
and Natasha were talking about. She heard the sound of their voices
and Natasha with him, went to Moscow at the end of January.
and Neisser, who have succeeded in conveying syphilis to the chimpanzee
and New Mexico with 200,000 inhabitants joined Oklahoma in asking for
and Nicholas came in.
and Nicholas did not think it the proper thing to visit her again; but
and Nicholas saw a queer, short-legged red fox with a fine brush going
and Nicholas.
and Oregon.
and Paul was a market village where a fair was held on St. Peter's
and Pennsylvania, some settling on the northern bank of the Ohio but
and Peronskaya in the same manner.
and Petya thought the officers were beginning to look at him and
and Pfuel says that is what constitutes its strength; Toll proposes
and Philadelphia, destroyed every shred of his military reputation. John
and Pickens. Cornwallis could technically defeat Greene at Guilford far
and Pierre beside Boris; and on the other side, the children,
and Portugal, it enacted in 1732 a law declaring that "no hats or felts,
and Prince Andrew began telling him the story of Bluebeard, but fell
and Prince Andrew--spoke of this: the unsettled question of life and
and Prince Vasili saw that Pierre knew this. He suddenly muttered
and Puritans of New England, the French Huguenots, Scotch-Irish and
and Russia have a right to expect from you all the zeal, firmness, and
and Samuel Adams from Massachusetts. Every shade of opinion was
and Santa Fe, making connections through Albuquerque and Needles with
and Slidell, sent by President Davis to represent the Confederacy at
and Sokolnitz, November 30, 1805."
and Sonya passing with a glass in her hand. "Yes it was exactly the
and Sonya, blaming himself and commending her. He had asked Princess
and Sonya. The countess was still unwell and unable to travel but it
and Sophia the granddaughter of James I, was a thorough German who never
and South it would strengthen the links of union and add to political
and South, in leadership, in finance, in diplomatic skill, in material
and Spanish settlers, were widened in every direction by planters with
and Tikhon, but asked several times whether his son had gone. Next
and Tikhon, understanding him, wiped away the tears.
and Toombs; they were saddled by their opponents with responsibility for
and Uruguay each had one delegate. President Wilson spoke in person for
and West. The prophecy of the Hartford convention had been fulfilled.
and Whigs. Finally it raged in the angry political quarrel which
and Wirt of Virginia, all presumably adherents to the Jeffersonian
and Wisconsin followed in 1850; Massachusetts in 1854; and Kansas in
and Yorktown there were the defeats of Bunker Hill, Long Island, White
and _Friedlander's pneumo-bacillus_ (a short rod-shaped form)--are
and _heteroplastic_ grafts, derived from an animal of another species.
and a Bier's bandage should be applied.
and a Council consisting of representatives of the United States, Great
and a House of Representatives along almost identical lines. In the
and a bandage; after an interval, massage and appropriate exercises are
and a caleche. A soldier was driving, and a woman enveloped in
and a calm, persistent, calculating expression on his plump face,
and a center of culture not despised even by the pioneer, grew apace. In
and a charter that nobody needs, and the meaning of which the very man
and a condition like lupus spreads over a considerable area. Spontaneous
and a crime against free institutions." A special objection was lodged
and a dressing impregnated with ichthyol and glycerin (10 per cent.)
and a few days later, in a powerful oration, he made a passionate appeal
and a fierce blow jerked his head to one side.
and a granulating surface forms, the ordinary treatment for a healing
and a half over a sticky, muddy road, Bolkhovitinov reached Litashevka
and a hard swelling appears in front of the lower end of the humerus.
and a healthy granulating surface is formed. The protective dressing
and a letter; it is a premium for the man who writes a history of
and a man in a white hat were seen coming toward the officers.
and a man with tight silk trousers over his stout legs, and holding
and a minimum of free will. If we examine a man little dependent on
and a new and joyful feeling he had not experienced before. It was a
and a portion of Minnesota, settlements were mainly confined to the
and a process of repair sets in. The walls of the abscess fall in;
and a pyogenic staphylococcus--increases the severity of the resulting
and a shaggy cap, shouted to the approaching Balashev to halt.
and a shudder ran down her back.
and a successful expedition against the Indians. As the Virginia
and a third cannon ball flew past. Evidently they were firing at the
and a treaty was drawn up placing the management of Haitian finances and
and a very weak galvanic current, he has been able to differentiate the
and a water cart, painted green, stood in a shed; the paths were
and abolish the last of the disabilities imposed on the Confederates.
and about M. Dessalles, whom he had brought from abroad to be his
and about the Emperor, angrily twitching his brows and raising his
and above all his kindly, simple face disposed her favorably toward
and abroad, by land and by sea." This sentiment Mr. Hughes echoed in his
and abruptly.
and absent-mindedness had not recognized Rostov and had not
and absorption of the intervening septa, as transition forms between the
and absorption--rarefying ostitis--and either disappears altogether or
and abuse. Pierre stood pressed against the wall of a charred house,
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
and accepted by him, as a pretext for quitting the army.
and according to that it is we who lost the battle of Pultusk. In
and accused of being a French "spyer" (so Count Rostopchin had told
and acknowledged them "to be free, sovereign, and independent states."
and across Kutuzov's suite like a flock of little birds.
and across and along them a network of shadows from the bare old
and acting with resolution and energy, you have ample means to avert
and acute osteomyelitis, vary considerably.
and added: "What a lot of men have been crippled today--frightful!"
and addressing Natasha. "Let him tell you whether I have told the
and adjutants who stood ready to assist him.
and admits the public to appreciate his skill.
and affection for him.
and affectionate to her: you're younger than she. When he comes, he'll
and affectionate. The angry eldest princess, with the long waist and
and after February 18, 1915, the whole of the English Channel and the
and after delivery, particularly in primiparae, there is usually a
and after dinner Pierre left Moscow. When changing horses that night
and after staying but a short time with the Tsar went to see the grand
and after this the dressing need not be repeated oftener than every
and again began killing many people. Napoleon led six hundred thousand
and again everything seemed to him insignificant in comparison with
and again exchanging a few words. From a campfire a hundred paces
and again from Smolensk to Borodino. The French army pushed on to
and again he flushed. "I give you my word of honor it shan't occur
and again it turned uselessly in the same place.
and again play with her cousin as soon as they too could, like Natasha
and again proceeded to gallop along the line, penetrating farther
and again the votes in Congress showed that no clear line separated all
and against the Constitution; but he had been out of the country acting
and agents of Napoleon among them; but this was told chiefly to
and agents of companies, who granted secret favors to shippers, and upon
and albumen. Sometimes the skin shows erythematous and purpuric rashes,
and alders too are coming out.... But the oaks show no sign yet. Ah,
and alien. She could not understand why he was so particularly
and all Napoleon's attempts at conciliation were discussed. In that
and all eyes were raised to the count.
and all the men, old and young, in uniform and evening dress, and
and all the peasants had assembled at the barn by the princess'
and all would have been well."
and along the road, trying not to miss anything of importance.
and already corded up, others still empty.
and also because they would all receive handsome presents for the
and also because while an adjutant was riding more than a mile to
and always expects the law that he has learned to be fulfilled.
and always occupy a prominent position in society. He believed this so
and always to sacrifice oneself for love meant not to love anyone, not
and amiabilities shown her during dinner by Boris Drubetskoy, who
and amiabilities to Mademoiselle Bourienne.
and amid the smoke appeared the figure of a bareheaded man in a
and amusing about them. The family separated on the most friendly
and an alteration of the character, of the leucocytes present in the
and an anastomotic circulation is established.
and an ardent advocate of freedom of the press, freedom of speech, and
and an awkward pause followed.
and an old servant, bending over from behind the chair, held it in
and an unbroken series of blunders. "The more mistakes that are made
and angrily--"that one wouldn't have done for you. As if I don't
and angry resolution that caused Marya Dmitrievna to look at her
and animated, thanks to Princess Lise's voice and little downy lip
and anyone who traveled anywhere would have found himself always in
and applied tests designed to discover who were for and who were against
and applied the match, though only one artilleryman survived out of
and applied under a sheet of mackintosh. Fomentations should be renewed
and applying elastic compression. The introduction of blood-serum (10-15
and applying firm pressure. Apart from injury, lymph cysts are met with
and approached a big blazing campfire, around which sat several men
and aptitude for partisan warfare. At night he would go out for
and are afraid of everything."
and are drawn along."
and are met with chiefly in the great toe of elderly bedridden patients.
and are on their way to destroy Moscow, they have outraged and are
and are still infinitely far from our aim; but in our lack of
and are subjected to repeated injuries--for example in riding.
and aristocratic baritone voice, pleasantly swallowing his r's and
and arms and with a frightened happy face ready for rapture, and
and arms the course of international affairs. And it should be said also
and army are destroyed. Napoleon himself is no longer of any
and around them cannon balls were flying, of which he was aware not so
and around them, they would have captured Murat and everything
and arrangement of the normal tissues of the body. Although the cells of
and arrived at places where they evidently should not have been.
and artless smile, she had met him in secluded passages.
and as Anatole had not turned up did not stay for dinner but drove
and as a great secret.
and as a result of pressure by splints. After _division at the elbow_,
and as a rule there is profuse sweating. The digestion is markedly
and as according to his ideas there was nothing dishonorable in
and as he himself had seen and understood it.
and as if fearing to be too late, again shouted "Hurrah!" with a voice
and as is always the case, not a single column reached its place at
and as it is present in the dust of the air and on all objects upon
and as it was too far to the left flank for him to have time to go
and as it were lightheartedly.
and as though offended. "Yes... no... to Petersburg? Tomorrow--but I
and as time goes on it becomes more marked. During the secondary period
and ask the princesses; and from there go on to the Rasgulyay--the
and asked Pierre to translate what he said.
and asked him to tell the Emperor. What do you think he replied? 'But,
and asked whether the samovar was really wanted.
and assistance from any pyogenic organisms that may be present. A
and at a ball. On first receiving the news, under the influence of
and at each word saw her bright smile and the constant gleam of her
and at eleven o'clock, careful of their coiffures and dresses, they
and at every step pulled himself up, slightly arching his back. It was
and at her mother and went out.
and at last Anna Mikhaylovna, still with the same expression, pale but
and at last became silent.
and at once consented to Petya's request and went himself to enter his
and at one moment prayed to God as he had done on the battlefield at
and at the feeble, round-shouldered figure of Tushin who was sitting
and at the hip (coxa vara), will be described in the volume dealing with
and at the next glanced round in alarm.
and at the red, broad, and happy though uneasy face of Pierre. It
and at the sun. How beautiful the sky looked; how blue, how calm,
and at the word thwee begin to advance.
and attacking but patience and time are wanted. Kamenski sent soldiers
and attaining to the art of integrating them (that is, finding the sum
and aunt, and in every Russian man and woman.
and authority in his voice. "Who invented Him, if He did not exist?
and backward did not improve or alter the position of the troops.
and balls, giving him no time for reflection, as in Petersburg.
and be absorbed, but a repetition of the injection has in several cases
and be attended with excess of callus. Cases have been observed in which
and be cast off, after which the patient gradually recovers. Death may
and be supplanted by a monarchy? The fate of whole continents hung upon
and because Kutuzov had paid no attention to his offer to take part in
and becomes implicated in the destructive process--hence the term
and been refused. He asked in a hesitating, piteous voice.
and before going down she went into the room where the icons hung and,
and began laying out his cards for patience.
and began questioning him about political affairs and news. He
and began rapidly adding up the total of Rostov's debt, breaking the
and began reciting some French verses describing her guilty love for
and began to kiss the boy with good natured playfulness.
and began to read. From reading he passed to sleeping, from sleeping
and behind him and brightly lit up the enormous panorama which, rising
and behind his back. His old sister-in-law popped in a small bundle,
and between them gleamed blue infinity. He did not turn his head and
and bewitchingly tender that he had not seen in her before.
and billions under their control. Through their connections with one
and bitter were the contests between the royal and proprietary governors
and bloated, or gaunt and wrinkled, were especially striking. For
and blue cap behind him on the crupper of his horse. The boy held on
and blue riding breeches, who were swarming near the bridge, and
and boils on his own forearm by rubbing in a culture of the
and boldly made their request for inclusion among the United States.
and bonds exceeding in value the whole national debt of Hamilton's
and bones have a richer blood supply than the integument, the death of
and borrowed or furnished the funds necessary to pay the way. In other
and bounds in all the industrial towns. For another, there was
and bounds, until on the eve of the Revolution it amounted to more than
and boys and girls that laid the foundations of the textile industry in
and breathed still more quickly, but did not shed tears.
and bribery in elections was beyond all question.
and brittle, and readily falls out, either as an exaggeration of the
and bromides, or by chloroform inhalation.
and brought them under discipline and under the influence of that
and bulge out the sides so as to give the organisms a spindle-shaped
and bunting were displayed.
and burns it clean.
and busied himself uniting various lodges and acquiring authentic
and by assured parliamentary supremacy, had an immediate effect in the
and by his clothes and manner of speaking Pierre at once knew him to
and by loving people without cause he discovered indubitable causes
and by obtaining a positive Widal reaction.
and by private banks.
and by saddled Cossack horses that had been hitched on in front,
and by the peculiar glow that came into Prince Andrew's eyes and by
and by the wonderful classic beauty of her figure, his face on the
and by what was the will of these individuals themselves guided? the
and call directly upon all able-bodied males if the nature of a crisis
and call for totally different treatment, it is best to consider them
and called into being the Republican party. While that bill was pending
and calling the nurse began giving the medicine. The child screamed
and came once more in touch with the bachelor sets, leading such a
and can then return again to his own thoughts. But Prince Andrew's
and capital.
and carbon dioxide snow, igni-puncture, electrolysis, and excision.
and carbonate of zinc. A gauze dressing is applied, and the penis and
and care must be taken that the paralysed muscles do not become
and carried on in connection with their domestic duties, so that it was
and cattlemen at regular wages. At the same time there appeared other
and cause, which by the fact of its being unconditioned and
and causing him many spiritual doubts and joys.
and celebrated in the name given to the present capital of the state of
and cells from the adjacent blood vessels exude into the cavity, and
and challenging those who did not agree with him to duels, thereby
and changed places, sometimes several of them merging into one,
and character but alike in the social circle to which they belonged.
and checked his horse, supposing the affair to be over. But when he
and cheekbones, its handsome, sensual mouth, and its cold, majestic
and cheerful were the troops. The greatest disorder and depression had
and children from the streets of English cities. In 1680 it was
and children of the New England textile districts. Spinning and weaving,
and chimney stacks still standing, and here and there the blackened
and china. Natasha was sitting on the floor of her dismantled room
and clatter among the audience, and with rapturous faces everyone
and cleaning all night long without closing their eyes, while the
and clearly expresses his opinion to Kutuzov, to Weyrother, and to the
and clearly opposed on many matters of vital significance. During none
and closed his eyes. One of his suite beckoned to the soldiers
and closeness of the carriage. She understood all that awaited her
and clothing necessary for their support. For a time this movement
and clubs were started to advance this or that reform or merely to study
and coffee could go or come that way, but not corn and bacon. A free
and coincide with expiration. The injury may, however, not be observed
and cold tone to his daughter seemed to say: "There, you see? You
and cold. Sometimes the hyperaemia resulting from vaso-motor paralysis is
and cold. These also endow the hairs with sensibility to pain. They are
and comes to lie in a cavity lined by granulations.
and commission, appointed by the President and Senate, and a
and common facial veins. It is commonly enlarged in affections of the
and company officers were counting the men, poking the last man in
and condemned the acts of Parliament as unlawful, as violating the
and conditions of work or to maintain the gains already won. It leaned
and conduct him to his destination.
and conferences local, state, and national issues were discussed until
and confidentially.
and congestive or inflammatory conditions of internal organs, giving
and conjunctiva. The technique is similar to that employed in
and connective-tissue cells, and new blood vessels permeate the mass,
and consequent freedom in the choice of one's occupation, that is,
and consequently some thought him proud and others thought him stupid.
and consider the movement of those hundreds of thousands of men who
and considered her position.
and consisting of colonies of the fungus. On account of their yellow
and constipation should receive appropriate treatment. In acute cases
and constipation. Diarrhoea is sometimes present. The _urine_ is usually
and constitute a power, then honest folk must do the same. Now
and contemptuous look that showed itself on his face.
and continue the use of the suction bell.
and continuous trade with Great Britain--the exchange of cotton for war
and contrary to court etiquette stood near him while he was talking to
and contrary to them because quite different subjects were talked
and contrasts cannot, however, tell the whole story. Take, for example,
and contributed to the campaign funds of both leading parties. Wherever
and could never in any case be renewed.
and could not answer. "Can something bad have happened to me?" he
and could therefore never be at peace. A stern expression of the
and countess did not know where they were and were very anxious,
and county authorities to possible annulment by the Supreme Court at
and craft unions. They asserted that the "working class and the
and cramps. In the orbit it displaces the eyeball; in the nasal fossae
and credit, was in the same prostrate condition as the material capital.
and cross-purposes, fell into a rage to everybody's surprise and quite
and crowding on the dam that was being attacked that if Raevski did
and crying," continued the woman. "It's she. Here, this way!"
and custom cleaning out the brood cells, with efforts beyond their
and cut you down, I should not hesitate an instant, but should do it.'
and dangerous." As an outcome of their deliberations, the Republicans
and darker and duskier when the blood flow is slowed or when stasis has
and darkness...."
and dealt with. In suppuration in the Fallopian tube (pyosalpynx), for
and death results from exhaustion.
and death. Kutuzov noticed Pierre's figure and the group gathered
and decidedly, the presumption is that the circulation in the parts
and decreed. Wherever the ship may go, the rush of water which neither
and defiant expression which said that she was not afraid of
and defines the rights of citizens. If Congress can ignore its
and depressed. Without greeting the officers, he scratched himself and
and derision from the Republicans and polled less than one-fourth the
and despair, showing the possibility of consolation."
and despite his indolence would sometimes spend a whole night at his
and despotism I will inscribe great words of justice and mercy....
and destroy any provisions they could not carry away with them.
and destroyed Napoleon. In the first place it is hard to understand
and deviated from its original principles. And so toward the end of
and devoured him with his eyes, drawing himself up obsequiously, and
and did not admit anyone. A maid came to the door to say that Alpatych
and did not answer. The hussar at that moment noticed the face of
and did not evince the least surprise at seeing them there.
and did would be historical, and it seemed to him that it would now be
and difficulty in flexing the knee. A skiagram shows the extent of the
and direct taxation.
and direct. On February 10, 1915, it warned Germany that if her
and disability, and it may prove the starting-point of lymphangitis.
and discharge the public debt. When once the dispute over the
and discomfort, interfering with sleep, and producing a constitutional
and dismissed the young men, possible suitors, who sometimes
and dismounting he ordered a plan of Moscow to be spread out before
and displace the adjacent viscera, and so interfere with their
and displaced epiphysis dies and constitutes a sequestrum.
and dispose of them for settlement. A second provision in the same
and disposition. They were called steppe peasants. The old prince used
and dissatisfied expression. Berg hurriedly jumped up, kissed her
and dissipation, associated with his old Petersburg comrade Kuragin
and dissipations. He liked to dine and drink well, and though he
and dissolution of kingdoms and displacement of peoples was in
and distinctive head, but the instant he turned to Prince Andrew the
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
and diversity, in turn, worked for greater toleration.
and divided North. It knew that the abolitionists and the Southern
and do not lose sight of the essential connection of historical
and does not exceed 110 or even 120, while the temperature is moderately
and doings of a few dozen men in a building in the city of Paris,
and don't forget to give him the Rostovs' invitation. They ask him
and don't move. Shouldn't we put a cordon round to prevent the rest
and doubly mined and that there are menacing fortifications at its
and douched, and protected from cold and other injurious influences. The
and down the room in silence, and then, suddenly and unexpectedly,
and down the room twice. His eyes shone and his mustache twitched as
and down to her neck and shoulders while Nicholas was speaking.
and down, lightly touched his daughter's hair and sat down again.
and dozens of carts with wounded men began at the invitation of the
and drank much, and eagerly. But those who knew him intimately noticed
and draw toward the table, but not near enough for the candles that
and drawing conclusions) only the capacity calmly to contemplate the
and drawing the produce of the Ohio Valley to Philadelphia and New York.
and drawing up again next moment when her face broke into a smile of
and drawn by six horses at a smart trot. Behind the caleche galloped
and dreadful in this impending marriage of Natasha and Prince Andrew.
and dreaminess, but in Princess Mary that very sorrow which revealed
and driven through the House of Representatives. The opposition
and dropping his head he sat down on the cold ground by the wheel of
and duelist, who was living with Anatole. Pierre smiled, looking about
and dukes; but the process of the flight and disintegration of the
and dyspnoea. When the oesophagus is pressed upon, the patient may have
and each time turned away. Berg and his wife, who were not dancing,
and earnestness, or the tremor of the speaker's voice--which sometimes
and ears washed, perfumed, and powdered, as befits a ball; the
and eats into it, causing defects or holes which are spoken of as
and economic toleration, found in the American colonies, not complete
and ecstasy such as he had never before known. Every trait and every
and editing by those who wish to do so.
and editing by those who wish to do so.
and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be
and efficacious means of dispersing the effused blood. The part should
and either sat alone or came timidly to Princess Mary, or to Natasha
and emaciated, probably as a result of chronic poisoning from the
and embarrassed him. He was like a man entirely absorbed in some
and embracing Denisov. "Nicholas wrote us... Natasha, Vera, look! Here
and empowered the Postmaster General to close the mails to persons
and enlighteners of humanity is only based on the arbitrary assumption
and enrich a country."
and enveloped him completely. When she smiled doubt was no longer
and equal suffrage had been established, and a widespread campaign for a
and erysipelas, and certain of the pyogenic bacteria, show little
and escaped to Orsha, abandoning standards, artillery, and nine tenths
and especially after having dined, Bolkonski felt that he could not
and especially all that was humiliating, in her position rose
and especially in the humerus. In some cases of _epilepsy_ the bones
and especially into the hands of that idiot Anatole, pained Boris.
and especially obedience--which did not even seem to him a virtue, but
and especially of her own sins, and she prayed to God to forgive
and especially to catch the incendiaries who, according to the general
and especially to the left, near Semenovsk, something seemed to be
and especially when they are fat, the loss of blood is badly borne, and
and estate near Moscow had inevitably to be sold, and for this they
and even a dull boy of thirteen could have guessed that the best
and even ambassadors, confided diplomatic secrets to her, so that in a
and even an emperor. Before leaving, Napoleon showed favor to the
and even every footstep in that house since the terrible news had
and even less unity resulted. Preparations were made to fight the
and even now never says a word against him. Those pranks in Petersburg
and even their faces. (He distinctly saw an old French officer who,
and everybody advised making the attempt. After much disputing and
and everybody sat down again, smiling at the noise they had made and
and everybody was to be ordered to leave. Some said there had been
and evidently likes me so much. And why not enjoy myself?" thought
and evidently still the same waistcoat and high white stock he had
and excite their imagination, giving them a bent for exaggeration
and excited by what he had undertaken on his own responsibility, and
and excitement, rested on him without changing their expression. "I
and exhausted by means of a suction-pump, the rarefaction of the air in
and expected peace only "yonder." She adopted the tone of one who
and expedite the departure of the inhabitants. If one accepts this
and expense we may encounter to effect it." Jefferson, too, was
and explain further why the wheels go round; and till he has reached
and explained to them his intentions and wishes. He told them that
and expression, and picked up a book or some sewing, evidently waiting
and extend the principles of confederate and republican government.
and extent of ankylosis may be learned by skiagraphy; in osseous
and extent of the disease. The cranial nerves may be pressed upon at the
and fading princesses still lived, with its enormous retinue; as
and fails to collapse on account of the rigidity of its walls, its
and falsehood of it repulsed him and blocked every path of activity.
and famine is everywhere. Twice the marauders even attack our
and farther into the region where the army was already in action.
and fastened it to the uniform. Lazarev glanced morosely at the little
and fat and anaemic females, are liable to be bruised by comparatively
and fats; milk obtained from a reliable source and underdone
and favourable hygienic surroundings. In some cases potassium iodide
and fear appeared on her flushed face.
and feared death. And I said it so awkwardly and stupidly! I did not
and feathers were freely applied; the whip was sometimes laid on
and feeling at that moment. "Is there anything at all behind that
and feeling her heart beating quickly and violently. "Dronushka
and fell asleep at once.
and felt at that time that no man was more to her than Nastasya
and felt boots, he went to the little princess' apartment.
and fetch a likelier one."
and fifty members of the English Club and fifty guests were awaiting
and file--of whom there are always the greatest number; of the next
and fill the gap with skin-grafts.
and filled those ditches with water brought from deep in the earth or
and finally against the futile struggle to retain a hold upon the
and finally," the father said, looking ironically at his son, "I beg
and fined for "his ungodly conduct." With persons accused of witchcraft
and fingers (Jones). A similar form of paralysis is sometimes met with
and fingers. Usually two or more joints are affected.
and fired" (the wretches) "at the French. Some of them were sabered
and firmly bandaged from below upwards, to conserve as much of the
and firmness. "No one can attain to truth by himself. Only by laying
and fits in with their theory, say that power is the result of events,
and flabby, projecting beyond the level of the skin and overlapping the
and flies clear of the shot. It may make a separate wound.
and flight.
and floor of the mouth they are infected at an early stage of the
and flour to be contraband, defending the action on the ground that the
and flourishing his arms.
and fluctuates readily, later it becomes larger and more tense. The
and flung wide the doors for immigrants eager to fill the factories, man
and followed in four years by Samuel Adams. Hamilton had been killed in
and folly, and form of those devoted to us a body linked together by
and foot, and transmit it to the inguinal glands. _The femoral glands_
and foot.
and for a later offense of a similar character he was thrown into jail.
and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service
and for some reason to capture a king or a duke--it seemed that now-
and for some years the whole course of life is altered and presents an
and for the issue of the whole battle. "But be that what it may," he
and foreign Orders, and the Star of St. George on his left breast.
and foreign commerce. To the manufacturing and trading states this was
and foretold all that has happened."
and form a complete covering to the parts. In the pharynx the false
and forms a scab or crust which is continually added to from below as
and found her neither attractive nor amiable. Not that Natasha liked
and four from free states. The opinions and bias of each of them were
and four times the price of the wheat. The interest of Nevada was also
and frantic attack now going on in the press against the whole
and fraud and falsehood termed military craft. The habits of the
and free for European eventualities, England was ready to settle with
and free movement of the joint, may be preserved.
and free will do not exist because at an unknown period of time we
and freedom.
and freight through the narrows. In all, according to the census, there
and freight; without a population of farmers and town dwellers. He
and fro from the room where the witnesses were sitting, through the
and from habit began with the princess, the prince suddenly grew
and from neighboring houses where they were accommodated, entreating
and from that old Dutch center it radiated in every direction,
and furniture, mirrors, and bronzes were being given away for nothing.
and further infection is allowed to take place.
and fused with it. The morbid process may be arrested at this stage, and
and fused with surrounding structures, and particularly with layers of
and fussily in the easy chair, "how is it Annette never got married?
and galloped into the river. He gave an angry thrust to his horse,
and gaseous gangrene and tetanus were common complications. It has been
and gathered his army of bondmen about him, there rose in the North a
and gave a shudder of disgust.
and gave him medicines to drink, he recovered.
and gave it to Karataev. "But give me the pieces that are over."
and gave it to Likhachev; then he flourished the saber, tested it, and
and gazed at the ruins of Moscow, loudly announcing his observations
and general approval were founded with which, despite court
and gentle smile.
and gentlemen. Pierre, who had come downstairs, walked through the
and gesticulating.
and give battle to Bonaparte. The council of war was just over when
and gives rise to great confusion, chiefly for the reason that no one
and giving orders, engrossed him. The burning of Smolensk and its
and giving rise later to metastases in the lungs.
and glad he is taking this trip abroad which the doctors recommended
and glance at Morel with a smile.
and glancing at Denisov.
and gleamed.
and glistened like poppy seed and at a short distance merged into
and globular (Sheen). If ligation is found to be impracticable, the
and globular, and finally fluctuation can be elicited.
and gloomy faces grew ever paler and gloomier.
and glorious task for which he was chosen. I shall await your most
and go to save someone else. Pierre felt that he had still much to
and good nature, which struck one especially in Petersburg as a
and good-humored laughter from the soldiers that it infected the
and good-natured smile at his coat and boots) "my things are worn
and got used to the idea that no one would oblige him to go anywhere
and got warm, you daughter of a bitch!" said Karataev, touching the
and gradually increases in size; or a blister containing blood-stained
and green braided uniforms, with smartly dressed bandsmen in front
and grievances were treated as matters of mutual interest rather than
and guard--if it has any worth has so only by reason the joy with
and habits as those of the colonies on the coast had been. Americans of
and had a plausible claim to a majority of the electoral vote. At all
and had any effect on the people is another question) had been
and had at last caught.
and had been given a special name. They called it limonade de cochon
and had deliberately taken their lives into their own hands; but the
and had fully understood after his talk with Prince Andrew.
and had grown accustomed to him. Metivier came to see the prince about
and had looked for it. In everything near and comprehensible he had
and had other virtues--love of his neighbor, and especially
and had passed the last of the Russian troops, he saw, near a
and had remained away till he was twenty. When he returned to Moscow
and half the inhabitants had left the city with Rostopchin's own
and handed direct to the surgeon. The assistant who attends to the swabs
and handed him a sodden envelope.
and harassing criticism by English friends of the United States--like
and harder, especially after they had received a letter from
and harming one another, to obtain that impossible, visionary,
and has been isolated from the blood--with difficulty--and from lymph
and has so much heart. He is so pure and poetic that my relations with
and haste, like something dreadful and alien to him, for, after the
and haste, trying to escape notice, closed the door, and began to read
and have found the sum of this progression to infinity, do we reach
and have not been dismissed from here; therefore, you can stay and
and have shown it by making peace with you. As for the Swedes--it is
and having crossed herself went down, thinking neither of her gown and
and having uttered this compliment, he again gazed at him in silence.
and he amuses himself setting a policeman astride a bear! For shame,
and he fell ill. She was terrified by his illness, and yet that was
and he finally betrayed to the French people his true sentiments by
and he flirted with a few of them at the balls. But he did not run
and he had just managed to catch her, "didn't he tell you how he
and he had there seen the same pettiness, worldliness, and
and he has such capital things. I bought ten pounds. I am used to
and he indicated with his delicate fingers what he meant by a pinch.
and he insisted that the United States was in honor bound to help France
and he is often on the verge of suicide.
and he is still alive and gay!"
and he knew that sooner or later he would step across it, but an
and he laughed unnaturally.
and he led him into the room where the supper table was laid and
and he promised victory soon. "By perseverance and fortitude," he
and he said, "Hast thou noticed that my face is different?" I looked
and he sat down at the nearest table.
and he screamed. When they got him to the post he grew quiet, as if he
and he showed a bag--"a hundred flints. I bought them very cheap.
and he told her she was still the same crybaby as ever. Princess
and he walked on.
and he was young and interesting. That day everyone met with the
and health, and carrying her burden so lightly. Old men and dull
and heard the details of his disaster he understood that half the
and hearing.
and heartily, they started singing, dancing, and playing Christmas
and heavy convoys (whose movements were concealed from the French)
and heir--apparent from the army--who on his own authority and
and held steadfastly against vicious counter attacks and galling
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
and helped them in. As he was putting Natasha in he pressed her arm
and her churches, and she seemed to be living her usual life, her
and her face suddenly became serious. But this lasted only a second.
and her hair was done the same way as the day before, yet she was
and her handsome eldest daughter were in the drawing-room with the
and her long hair came down...." Here he could contain himself no
and her mother, and several other less noteworthy persons.
and her short, downy, smiling lip lifted when she began to speak
and her son, who had remained in Moscow for his equipment, was to join
and her sons were all in the service.
and her soul was not visible at all. All that struck the eye was a
and her vexation that at the moment when all she wanted was to see him
and her words at her first gracious reception of him, and then that
and highly valued. The old count came up to them and pressed
and himself moving, naturally imagines that his efforts move the
and his arms and legs always fell into unnatural positions.
and his army were like the plan of a market gardener who, when driving
and his assistants. It is only by carefully studying to avoid all
and his associates, had scope for its development in Africa.
and his companion they became silent, and Pierre thought he saw the
and his excitement. At the same moment Natasha, without drawing
and his eyes opened wide with fear and joy.
and his family's, and his friends', and the enemy's intention to
and his fingers twitched nervously.
and his first message to Congress he reiterated the claim of the
and his glittering ornaments, he rejoined his suite who were
and his horse. Two wise old dogs lay down unleashed. Some hundred
and his kind, intelligent face rather pale, rushed out of the shed
and his knowledge of men, Kutuzov--having taken into consideration the
and his life twenty times a year, and in their service had lost more
and his own most recent bulletin. Glancing through the army orders,
and his part in bringing the Russo-Japanese War to a close naturally
and his presence there, Natasha had resolved to see him. She did not
and his present Sonya from whom he had resolved never to be parted
and his son, who was still in the care of nurses. The other half he
and his son.
and his strength increased tenfold. He rushed at the barefooted
and his thoughts were preternaturally clear. Sonya was sitting by
and his wife grew closer and closer and he daily discovered fresh
and his wife's delight, now they ran out into the porch and reported
and his worthy son," said she. Of the behavior of the eldest
and history itself understand alike this relation between necessity
and honest condition of human existence." It was this notion of a
and honest is crushed! Everyone sees that this cannot go on.
and hope were given her by God's folk--the half-witted and other
and hoped for nothing, and deep in his heart experienced a gloomy
and hopelessly split over the money question in 1896.
and hopes that had been forgotten or sleeping within her had awakened.
and horror he did not himself understand, aroused by the sight of that
and horse ranches, their life and customs handed down from the Spanish
and hostility as a result of their recent personal conflict with him.
and housewives their baking to hear "Honest Abe" and "the Little Giant."
and how deep! How bright and glorious was the setting sun! With what
and how happy I may be with such a friend and such a husband! Husband?
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and hunger, virtue and vice, are only greater or lesser degrees of
and hungry soldiers should have to stand and guard equally cold and
and ichthyol or other soothing applications may be used to allay the
and if she took those powders in boiled water at intervals of
and ignorance of what steps to take, and the enormous number of
and imagined that they were accomplishing a most noble and honorable
and imagines that the devil is no match for him. That's the sort of
and immediately the sound of axes and swords, the crashing of
and importance. The tubercle bacilli usually gain access to the gland
and important body of American merchants like the Willings and Morrises
and important concomitants of acute inflammatory conditions, and the
and in 1798 to the Mississippi territory, once held by Georgia. Thus it
and in February of the next year, just before Tyler gave way to Polk,
and in Moscow their house was always full of visitors. The night after
and in a child who lies on its back with the lower limbs everted, the
and in a friendly way that the commander and the officers were
and in a quite peculiar way. Natasha was so used to this kind of
and in certain cases of syphilis.
and in consequence all life appeared in a new light. "Why do I strive,
and in fragmentary sentences tried to explain about a doll which she
and in graves does not even interest them, for it does not come within
and in number--as a result of which the superiority had passed to
and in one mighty wagon caravan they all went to their distant haven.
and in scars, and probably results from the displacement and
and in some cases changes occur like those observed in arthritis
and in some instances bounties were paid by England to encourage
and in the connective-tissue septa, till it either finds a weak spot or
and in the expression on their faces--one of them glanced timidly at
and in the expression with which he frowned and looked away Pierre
and in the external auditory meatus it causes obstruction, which may be
and in the external organs of generation.
and in the garden was a large and beautiful building. I woke up. O
and in the marrow, and are of value in establishing the therapeutic
and in the meadow, among the rows of new-mown hay which he had taken
and in the name of monarchy. To Americans of conservative temper it now
and in the other the letter, and pressing them alternately to her
and in the peripheral nerves--_neuro-fibromatosis_; in the submucous
and in the provinces at a distance from Moscow, ladies, and
and in the serous blebs which sometimes form on the surface.
and in the stomach and colon to narrowing of the lumen. When the cells
and in their desperation they fell back upon the doctrine of
and in their method of growth; there is no tendency to erupt through the
and in uterine fibroids. The alteration in character may take place
and includes so much of technical detail in their employment, that they
and indeed a few mills were built on Southern soil. The results were
and indefinite, again possessed his soul. He remembered that he had
and independent of reason. Through his reason man observes himself,
and independently of herself, while her face beamed with ecstatic
and indicating the Rostovs' box. On seeing Natasha Pierre grew
and indifferent air, and glanced into the little drawing room.
and indurated, and over the indurated area there appear a number of
and industrial justice."
and industrially. I believed with all my heart in real and
and industry in the North and the planting system of the South. There
and inevitability. In every action we examine we see a certain measure
and infinite in everything, and therefore--to see it and enjoy its
and inherited syphilis. The virus is carried by the blood-stream to all
and inner freedom which he experienced only during those weeks.
and insidious in its progress, and it never reaches the same degree of
and insidiously developed, but when the loose connective tissue of the
and intangible line which separates two hostile armies was all the
and intensity. Whittier blew his blast from the New England hills:
and intently at him with her deep, radiant eyes. The weariness she had
and interesting person to the visitors and that nowhere else was the
and interests of military service, though he knew that sooner or later
and internal organs as well as the skin and mucous membranes.
and intimacy that people who meet in a desert generally express for
and intimate gathering.
and into a birch forest growing on both sides of the road. In the
and into the avenue. A large crowd of militiamen and domestics were
and intoxicatingly so after his long privations. At posting
and intriguing; in the body of the army they did not ask themselves
and invade the bone. The deposit of urates in the synovial membrane is
and involuntarily began to compare these two men, so different, and
and involuntarily noticed the carefully washed seams of the scar
and involuntarily stopped.
and ironically.
and is associated with induration and enlargement of the adjacent
and is attended with very severe pain, rendering sleep impossible.
and is best appreciated by gently stroking the bone from the middle of
and is characterised by a painless enlargement of a particular group of
and is completed by the weight of the hand. After _division at the
and is covered over by epithelium growing in from the edges.
and is interfering with its action and tossing about in it is its most
and is known as _the primary lesion_. Those who have thus acquired the
and is most successful when it is done within five or six days of the
and is not caused by anything, for the Divinity is not controlled by
and is nothing unworthy of you, but it will comfort me. Promise,
and is present in the heart of every Russian. And a consciousness of
and is treated by excision of the sac.
and is used directly from this (Kocher). Linen thread is sterilised in
and is usually sacrificed. When removal of the tumour is incomplete, a
and it became necessary to substitute patriot authorities. The appeal to
and it did not occur to her that there was anything wrong in it.
and it exempted unions from prosecution as "combinations in restraint of
and it is impossible to stop them," he reported.
and it is in cases of diffuse suppurative cellulitis that this form of
and it is sometimes met with after severe haemorrhage, and in cases of
and it is thought intends to expose his precious person to the chances
and it is usually possible to move the bones freely upon one another and
and it looks as if he planned this in order not to come under the
and it may be added to by effusion into the synovial cavity. The baby,
and it may be fatal haemorrhage. The mechanical pressure of a fragment of
and it may occur either by itself or along with multiple tumours of the
and it seemed to Pierre that the French officer's head had been torn
and it seldom begins within a week of the primary infection. The first
and it undoubtedly has a still greater significance for the future.
and it usually extends as far as the nearest collateral branch. These
and it was evident that they were all hurrying--not as men hurry to do
and it was given to Alpatych with instructions to hand it to the
and it was hailed as the guarantee of a better day. By 1920, more than
and it was not until late in 1777 that Congress presented to the states
and it was plain that she understood nothing and was so frightened
and it was then so warm that the officers, of whom there were always
and it was to him that she now spoke.
and it's nasty work! An attack's pleasant work! Hacking away at the
and its animation by love. But she could not pray that her enemies
and its backwardness compared with Europe only heightened Pierre's
and its citizens and kept us out of war."
and its destruction become necessary, the head and spinal cord should be
and its heroes, thank God, are Americans.
and its patriotic fervor as not merely secondary but quite
and its subsequent caseation and liquefaction, is attended by the
and its trustees and agents, and any volunteers associated
and its trustees and agents, and any volunteers associated
and jealousies."
and joints are simultaneously affected, and there are sinuses with
and jolting the stretcher.
and jostled one another. Someone snored.
and judicial branches of the state governments thus passed into the
and kept peering by that fantastic all-transforming light into Sonya's
and killing one another, only to move on a few steps and be killed
and kind, because he has been a benefactor to them both. As Sterne
and kindly face was lit up by a tender, sly smile. His glance met
and kindred themes. Many a subject previously touched upon only by
and kissed Mademoiselle Bourienne's hand. (This was not etiquette, but
and kissed her head. She looked up. It was Mademoiselle Bourienne in a
and kissed her.
and kissed her.
and knew he must not do so. Having advanced six paces and strayed
and knew how unpleasant every sign of anxiety on his account was to
and known conditions, and to show that all limitations, conflicts, and
and labor, giving a distinct color to the labor movement in whole
and lame, so full of sores and ulcers that her best friends turn from
and laterally; the bones of the leg laterally as in bow-leg, or
and lay down on the sofa.
and lead to the formation of an abscess as a result of direct infection
and led to occasional agitations against "foreigners." However, no
and left for Petersburg alone.
and left in. This is repeated as often as the cavity refills. It is
and left the hut.
and left the room.
and left traces of their work in the names of portages and little
and length of the shaft of the bone, which, when it is curved in
and leprosy.
and let Princess Mary pass into the room before her, the princess felt
and let Tikhon undress him.
and let us talk sensibly while there is still time, be it a day or
and letting the force of her anger run to waste, she turned and rushed
and lies against the unyielding bone. It may be compressed by a
and lies in the long axis of the medullary canal (Fig. 125). Finally,
and lies when the justification is no longer needed, and displaying to
and light, joyous steps. At the visitors' request the young people
and like him. Write and tell me how he receives you. If he is all
and listened to these sounds, and as he was passing a tall guardsman
and listening for any sound of firing on the right as an indication
and little tables. During balls given at the house Pierre, who did not
and live stock. In the ten years that followed, 100,000 people from the
and lively, and she did not talk to her husband. When they left the
and looked about him, but above the level of the wounded men. He
and looked at a soldier who lay prone, with blood on his uncovered
and looked at her in such a way that not only could she not bear his
and looked at her strangely, not understanding.
and looked at him closely.
and looked in the direction the old man indicated, he recognized
and looked inquiringly at the French colonel. The colonel respectfully
and looked with feelings akin to contempt upon him and his followers.
and looking now at his kind, sorrowful face, she suddenly understood
and looking to the left and then to the right and listening to the
and looks for that mistake in the opening, but forgets that at each
and loss of good looks, and involuntarily she examined her bare arm
and louder.
and love for his sovereign rose again in Rostov's soul in all its
and love welled up in Pierre. He felt the tears trickle under his
and loving--not only remained unchanged, but it sometimes seemed to
and lower thirds of the thigh, and in which recovery followed upon
and made a grimace, as if expecting something unpleasant.
and made a show of firing at the bridge. The crowd, crushing one
and made him neglect the game.
and made me sit down on the bed on which he lay. I made the sign of
and made up his mind that they would be friends.
and made use of him for his own ends.
and maintain competition as the only effective instrument of business
and making demands on her, tearfully implored her to sacrifice herself
and making pencil notes on them, and for the first two or three
and malignant growths; there is an indefinite transition from one to the
and mammae may be enlarged; the glandular swellings press on important
and manufacturing. Slavery, though lawful, did not flourish there. An
and many other commodities imported into the colonies. The enforcement
and marines, prevented the destruction of the beleaguered aliens. When
and marrow which have retained their vitality resume their osteogenetic
and massage are persevered with. In neglected cases, when adhesions have
and masses of population"; that it would "overthrow the whole scheme of
and may attain an enormous size; sometimes they grow in the interior of
and may be passed involuntarily. The temperature is remittent and
and may be so severe as to prevent sleep, and the patient may feel
and may become impacted between the articular surfaces. These changes in
and may become stationary. The swelling is rounded or oval, there is no
and may prove obstinate and lead to shedding of the nails. They also
and may reach the palm or even the forearm, being then associated with
and may suppurate from superadded infection. There is pain on
and me in the eyes of society, and even of the court," he added,
and melancholy upon them, planned the arrangements of a splendid house
and men and women with bare legs came in from both sides and began
and men crowded closer and closer together. They advanced the few
and men's esteem? Death, wounds, the loss of family--I fear nothing.
and mental defects and otherwise unfit for effective citizenship. When
and mentioned by name the greatest dignitaries of the day.
and merchants, by mechanics and planters, by the fishermen along the
and methodical."
and migrated leucocytes from the adjacent blood vessels destroy the red
and mildness in his fine gray eyes, and on his delicate lips the
and military history supports that view. For instance..." Kutuzov
and millions of other causes that adapted themselves to
and missed several chances of forcing an engagement. In August he
and molasses could be obtained in large quantities at low prices. Acting
and monstrous rising in his soul. Dolokhov, Denisov, and Rostov were
and more and held his head high, that he might not be unworthy even of
and more as he looked at Pierre.
and more cholestrol; it also contains leucin, tyrosin, and certain
and more confirmed the farther he rode into the region behind the
and more effective effort to stamp out polygamy. Five years later it
and more powerful than himself and he had rare skill in seizing the
and more ready with promises of reform in the island. Early in April,
and more serious.
and more severely affected than those of the upper extremity, but the
and more than once they had made him drunk on champagne and Madeira,
and more. She knew that Sonya was the chief obstacle to this
and morose, paced up and down in front of the Kammer-Kollezski
and mortification, our opinion of Bonaparte cannot alter. We shall not
and most advantageous style, like a well-garnished joint of roast beef
and most artless way.
and most difficult path was that to ownership of land. Many a master
and most of the larger joints the disease arises in the bone and in the
and most primitive approximation to present itself was the will of the
and most prominent clinical feature, develops gradually and painlessly,
and most unimportant matters; he admired her shy grace. In the
and mother by the news of this loss, he knew what a relief it would be
and mouths. When they passed through a village they all rushed to
and moved his lips without uttering a sound. He wished to say, "Yes, a
and moved, limping, to the door at which Pierre was standing. Pierre
and movement that they none of them forgot what was happening and what
and moving a chair close to hers seated himself beside her.
and munitions, began his irresistible hammering at Lee's army, did the
and murders as in whole centuries are not recorded in the annals of
and muscular cramps, followed by paralysis from destruction of the
and muttering angrily, came in at the other door. Natasha checked
and my wife's friends." (He smiled still more pleasantly.) "I wished
and myxomatous tissue appear as clear areas.
and nails may be completely regenerated if a sufficient amount of the
and narrow beard. Both were weeping. Tears filled the thin man's eyes,
and national honor." They were coldly received in the Senate and so
and natural, expression which distinguished him from everyone else
and necessity of such men, when they encounter anyone who shows
and needlessly comprehensible--it was what any one of them might
and neglected their collection, perhaps little would have been heard of
and never shall have. Why should she marry? We might always drive
and new growths, is made by a consideration of the previous history,
and news stories, in novels like Churchill's _Coniston_ and Sinclair's
and next day Napoleon. Tomorrow our Emperor will send a St. George's
and no answer came from Berlin. Not baffled, the President again took
and no clear picture presented itself to his mind. He had long ago
and no longer resemble two leaves, are deviations from the theory.
and no means are taken to arrest the haemorrhage. The bleeding may be
and no one could publish anything without previous approval of the
and no one will ever know it." And his soul felt calm and peaceful.
and no sense of joy or relief, he gazed at what was taking place.
and noiselessly over the baize at the entrance.
and non-irritating diuretics. The skin may be stimulated by Dover's
and none other." In Newcastle county, Delaware, the association of
and not dressed. His eyes, prominent from the emaciation of his
and not moving a muscle.
and not the serfs' backs and foreheads, which, beat and shave as you
and not the shaving which merely harms and hinders the working.
and not without some groans gave orders to their stewards about the
and nourishing the tissues, it is collected by lymph vessels, which
and now a vast domain had been dumped into the lap of the nation. He was
and now at Pierre.
and now at her, moved as if about to rise too, but changed his mind.
and now his friendship with Andrew, his misfortune with his wife,
and now she sat in the same way on the bench where she had seated
and now tried to remain tranquil, she knew that she would be unable to
and nudged the others to make them look at the wag.
and nullification this seemed the only remedy for the growing disparity
and number of the bodies vary widely. Single specimens have been known
and obedience to law previously established by the congregations. The
and obscurity, power and subordination, strength and weakness,
and occasionally become the starting-point of melanotic cancer. Rodent
and oedema of the limb beyond. The interference with the circulation, and
and of Kuragin mingled with her thoughts. The question again presented
and of a tipsy, hoarse voice.
and of all the infected area around it, so as to leave a healthy surface
and of author.
and of his cruelty to the French, so from the moment he entered the
and of humanity be regarded--as the result of the free, or as the
and of its own force compelled the cutting of the forests and the
and of making similar statements to show that the danger of the
and of mutual respect, an equality of rights before the law, and at
and of my beloved people whose sacrifices I know how to appreciate."
and of the French, and that he had exposed himself to terrible and
and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any
and of the X-rays, and one or other should be employed as a routine
and of the adhesions to surrounding structures. The skin incision must
and of the biceps in sudden movements of the arm. Sometimes the effort
and of the overlying soft parts is illustrated by the fact that in one
and of the sturdy young fellow seated on the box was all that could be
and of the underlying tissues, caused by violence.
and of the way in which the surface wound closes on the withdrawal of
and of their being often met with in persons who, from age,
and of truth." The Secretary of State saw in it "a recognition of the
and of two cannon shots were heard simultaneously. The gate again
and officer that, judging by this letter, he now was.
and often contains gases resulting from putrefaction.
and often end fatally.
and old, charred ones repaired. Tradesmen began trading in booths.
and on his bare legs and arms which were still red, the veins stood
and on percussion.
and on the Russian side merely because in Petersburg--far from the
and on the other an immense case containing icons, was brightly
and on the third they placed Prince Andrew. For a little while he
and one in German.
and one of the Apsheron regiment went forward past the Emperor.
and one of the coachmen helped him into the vehicle.
and one of the women with thick bare legs and thin arms, separating
and one of these sisters, exiled from Charleston for her "Appeal to the
and one tall, long-necked officer, walking round the fire, came up
and one wretched inn to house judges, lawyers, and litigants during the
and one's own guilt suddenly becomes terribly serious when the other
and only begged him to stay longer at Anna Semenovna's, and he
and only now had he at last succeeded in justifying himself. "There
and only pretended to direct them and give orders while in reality
and only try not to see it. So it appears that it must be so! But I-
and only wanted to get more money from the traveler.
and only wishing to show his noble-mindedness.
and opened the door for him.
and orbital muscles, less frequently the lower limbs.
and ordered the regulars away.
and organizations in: Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Connecticut,
and organizations in: Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Connecticut,
and organs.
and other bacteria, with the result that suppuration ensued after most
and other baths.
and other friends of the colonies voted in the affirmative. Lord North
and other high commanders. Then came an order to retreat to Sventsyani
and other labor standards should be fixed by general trade agreements
and other manufactures gave to American industries such a market as even
and other members of the ape tribe, obtaining primary and secondary
and other staples abroad, they feared that Congress might impose
and other women. They all drew back from the bed, making way for
and others according to the condition in which they happen to be when
and others regard ganglia as entirely new formations in the
and others, drowned as usual by the buzzing of the court drones. But
and our civilization into regions hitherto closed to us, rather than
and overtook him. A sergeant of the battalion ran up and took the flag
and overtook the next one.
and paced up and down the large hall. I wished to meditate, but
and paid the eldest daughter, Countess Vera, the attentions a young
and paid their own passage. What proportion of the colonists were able
and pain have been recognised as cardinal signs of inflammation, and to
and painful, but good, very good!" said Natasha. "I am sure he
and painful.
and pains in the parts to be affected, and is of the dry variety.
and pale, but that was not what made her unrecognizable; she was
and papers, so many people gathered that the orderlies brought in
and papillae are destroyed in patches, leaving hard, dry, and insensitive
and particularly after the opening of the railway construction era, a
and particularly amiable smile.
and particularly distinguished himself."
and partly compulsory.
and parts of the tumour may be carried off in the blood-stream and give
and passenger rates was taken out of the hands of the owners of the
and patient pressure would have resulted in the final surrender of Cuba
and pausing. "The only question is what will come of the meeting
and peace."
and pearls on their bare shoulders, looked at themselves in the
and peculiar form of beauty. Everyone brightened at the sight of
and pens. "I loved you, but I have orders from Arakcheev and will kill
and peopled. But despite this, thanks to his regiment, Prince Andrew
and perception befitting a man of the world, he indicated by a
and perhaps I may..."
and peri-bursal gummata in front of the knee-joint.
and perished with each additional day it remained in Moscow. But it
and perishes in the absence of moisture. It has been proved
and permanent control over public opinion in all the tariff states."
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
and persist in this condition for an indefinite period, or it may be
and persistent, with little tendency to natural cure, and they may be
and perspiring, were at work on a huge knoll overgrown with grass to
and philosophic inquiring doubt. He should be limited, firmly
and pits on pressure.
and plasma cells, along with an abundant new formation of capillary
and pleasure for themselves as possible. In the troubled waters of
and plugging it tightly with gauze, are often successful in arresting
and pockmarked face and narrow little eyes beamed with
and pointed to the carriage. Pierre, evidently engrossed in thought,
and politely placed a chair for her.
and politician who had done much to carry New York for Lincoln, proposed
and popular election of Senators, and condemned the use of federal
and possibly to some extent by gravity, and the abscess may reach the
and pouring them all into the channels of business and manufacturing.
and powdered ipecacuanha, in 40 to 60 grain doses every four hours, have
and power, and by coldness of the limb beyond; a tense and excessively
and powerful process of thought and feeling must have been going on in
and practical grounds. He opposed too much public ownership, declaring
and preoccupied that only in bed was he able to be by himself. He
and preparing tea. He brought in a boiling samovar. When everything
and prescribed their duty as the enforcement of the law against
and present a shreddy appearance; the outer layers consist of
and preserves made with sugar.
and pressed together a bunch of raveled lint with her thin, beringed
and pressure on the phrenic nerve may induce hiccough. The aneurysm is
and pressure. The contents may ooze from the orifice of the duct and dry
and prettier than Nicholas had ever seen her before.
and pricking its ears at the sound of shots just as it had done on the
and princes with whom he was dissatisfied, presented pearls and
and privileges. It was alleged that mayors and councils had bargained
and proceeded on foot. Behind him a cavalry regiment was coming down
and proceeded to the work of drawing up a new constitution, "laying its
and produce effects in direct proportion to the amount absorbed. As the
and producers."
and professional men assumed the leadership.
and profoundly.
and projects for peace, a secret peace concluded separately."
and promise of a reward should therefore have struck him all the
and promoter, who helped to break the virgin soil of the prairies, lived
and promotions, and in this pursuit watched only the weathercock of
and pronated; the deltoid, spinati, biceps, brachialis, and supinators
and protrusion of the eyes, sometimes followed by loss of sight. The
and prove my devotion to His Majesty the Emperor and to Russia!"
and provision of the proposed plan. These papers, afterwards collected
and published in a volume known as _The Federalist_, form the finest
and puffing, the major grumbled and growled at everybody because he
and pulled the buckle of his bandolier, while another smoothed and
and punished? But even if we admitted that Kutuzov, Chichagov, and
and pure intimacy, were what my heart needed. But enough of this!
and put it under him.
and put their horses to a trot to escape from the poisoned
and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of each shall
and radiant light.
and ran back with him to the troyka.
and ran barefoot to her own room.
and ran for safety, Daniel set his chestnut galloping, not at the wolf
and ran on. The French who had been pursuing him stopped.
and rapid change of position by each army, even what information was
and rapidly from an approaching thundercloud, so, as if in
and rapturous acclamations which he evidently endured only because
and read it.
and read the dispatch. Hardly had he done so before he lowered his
and reading it. He glanced through it, then read it again, and then
and ready ways of doing things, approved the transaction. Through an
and real society. Natasha saw by Pierre's animation that his visit had
and realized it especially from the list of prisoners the French
and really possessed. Pierre was one of those who are only strong when
and recommending improved devices and practices. The chief result of
and recourse should be had to its use as early as possible.
and red.... How can I explain it to you?"
and reformation of oneself for its reception, and (3) The
and regarded as the key to the position. He saw over the mist that
and remained alone with him for a long time.
and remembered everything, he nodded his head and reopened his eyes.
and remembered everything. "The Egyptians believed that our souls have
and repay all that the family had done for her by breaking off her
and replace some chessmen that were falling. He was about to embrace
and replaced by fibrous tissue. Fibrous tissue takes the place of the
and reported that the gates of the citadel had been barricaded and
and representatives to which the State may be entitled in the Congress;
and republican governments on an imposing scale presented for the first
and rescind them. And this premonition was disagreeable to him
and resembled Natasha. He was preparing to enter the university, but
and resolute man, inflamed by a hatred for slavery in itself, turned
and respected by his comrades, subordinates, and superiors, and was
and rest as conquerors in Moscow. So it was not because of
and restoration of function made possible by the transference of a
and results in stiffness of the affected joints and permanent crippling
and retraction of the divided artery and by clotting.
and returned to power a large number of men once prominent in the
and ride round the whole position."
and rights of citizens, become at once legislators, judges, and
and rode to the bushy edge of the road where he was to stand, arranged
and rougher instruments the edges of the wound are more or less contused
and ruined my life. And only now when I am living, or at least trying"
and run an exceedingly rapid course. In malignant oedema, however, the
and run. Dolokhov, running beside Timokhin, killed a Frenchman at
and sad expression in his eyes. The brighter Prince Andrew's lot
and sad.
and safety in a thousand ways; to climb the mountains to fight forest
and said something in passing: "What did he say? Where to, now?
and said something, smiling, to his betrothed.
and said that Helene was here and that she implored me to hear her;
and said:
and said: "Then I will go to my rooms. You will let me know when I can
and sallow, and suffers from eruptions on the skin and mucous membranes.
and salt--or the meaning of the square and all the various figures
and sang so strangely in that brilliant light. She knew what it was
and sarcoma; and the diagnosis is to be made by the history and progress
and sat down again in her former position. Twice she turned and looked
and sat down looking silently at Pierre. As soon as she entered,
and satires flowed from the press in an unending stream. Fast days,
and satirical "skits" on English rule that have come down to us. In this
and satisfied with the outer man to desire spiritual improvement, I
and saved her...."
and saw Daniel lying on the wolf's back among the dogs, trying to
and saw the cupolas and crosses of the New Convent of the Virgin still
and says senseless things that should have ruined him. But the once
and scalp as far back as the nape of the neck. It stops, however, at the
and scarlet fever. The most acute suppurations result from infection
and scented myself."
and scorn of everything that is only seen in huntsmen. He doffed his
and securely fixed in position; after an interval of 14 to 21 days, when
and see them prosper around you, don't leave here. But if you want
and seeing blood and hearing cries and groans hurried on, still
and seeing that the elder visitor was not listening, he turned to
and self-confident limitations of this man raise him to the head of
and self-sacrifice--all this now shone in those radiant eyes, in her
and sent representatives. The delegates, while professing the warmest
and served on one of the committees.] Returned home for dinner and
and settle the business there in the commissariat department and if
and several papers have to be signed."
and several times that morning had tried to set to work, but her heart
and severe gaze straight on Pierre's face.
and severity, until at length the patient becomes asphyxiated. The
and shaggy, with his cap on the back of his black head and a cloak
and shall also have the pleasure of a more detailed chat with you."
and she began to smile and talk. He asked about mutual
and she covered her face with her hands.
and she moved on almost fainting from excitement and trying with all
and she turned away from the glass, making an effort not to cry.
and she went about all that morning as though facing a cocked and
and she's even in my way. You know I always was a savage, and now am
and sheep raising on an immense scale. The far-famed American cowboy was
and sheepskin coats, was short of provisions and without vodka, and
and shippers and so well connected with Eastern markets.
and shops of the seacoast towns to the uttermost frontiers of Wisconsin
and should always be applied while the patient is in the recumbent
and shoulder. To rid himself of them he closed his eyes.
and shouting at him.
and shouting in his feeble voice, so high pitched and irresolute.
and shouts of the gentlemen around.
and show her over, and they'll talk nineteen to the dozen. That's
and shrinking, he tried to pass unnoticed between the rows of
and sickness, toil and rest, and its intellectual interests in
and sidled out of the room.
and sighed, as if to say that this was no more than she had expected.
and sighing deeply he took Rook, his horse, which stood resting one
and silent, as if quite regardless of who had come to it. There was no
and silently stared at him with frightened eyes; the second assumed
and silver legal tender in the payment of debts. It evidently
and simple. You see, I don't say that we ought to oppose this and
and simple; but now, alone by herself, it was incomprehensible.
and since then the government property had been removed every night,
and sincerely assured him that he did not want war and would always
and sing."
and singing the air the actress was singing, then she wished to
and singsong voice alternating between a despairing wail and a
and sit down. They were dressed alike, in new pale-blue frocks, and
and size, that they are best discussed with the individual organs. In
and slashed the face of the desert with canals and irrigating ditches,
and small articles of manufacture. The variety of products was in fact
and smiled at something with an expression of mingled joy and sorrow.
and smoothing his hair wet with perspiration with his plump hand,
and snatched up the cudgel was the Russian people; those who try to
and snorted with satisfaction as he poured the water over his head
and so Kutuzov, who evidently understood his case and wished him
and so affording a favourable soil for the development of bacteria. The
and so dedicated could long endure.
and so generally understood that it is undesirable to abolish them. We
and so it was best to be silent. But after a while, just as a jury
and so on, the farther movement of the fleeing French, and of the
and so on. But if the aim of the battle was what actually resulted and
and so on. Even those, fond of intellectual talk and of expressing
and so on. The officer sends for Auersperg; these gentlemen embrace
and so on. Then a place was assigned to Pierre, he was shown the signs
and so they neither understood nor believed that it could be taken
and soldiers (if they do not express it, that is merely because
and soldiers were in marching kit with knapsacks and shakos that had
and soldiers, called the soviet, and inaugurated a radical regime. They
and sole of the foot. _The superficial inguinal glands_ lie along the
and solemn interest and silent approval. The aunt spoke to each of
and solemn tone. "On the eve of a day when God alone knows who of us
and some forty men who were on it dashed, some forward and some
and some of them, deeming labor unrest the sour fruit of manhood
and some other diseases with greater frequency and severity than those
and someone came in.
and sometimes devised other words they might have spoken.
and sometimes extending down the lateral aspect of the thigh. The pain
and sometimes weaker than a company. The relative strength of bodies
and sometimes, when they want to prove something else, say that
and sounder healing and also to remedy deformity, as in filling up a
and speaking rapidly just as the prince did, and he climbed into the
and special efforts were made to increase the population by importing
and special national histories are like paper money. They can be
and spending whole days at the Rostovs'. It seemed to him that he
and spent most of his time there.
and spirit of this proposal the Democrats and Populists took exception.
and splints and tight bandages are applied. The muscles acquire a
and spoiled her looks) and she had put on a maroon dress with a
and spoke of how he would either make his father consent to this
and spoken bitterly of "timid traders," could no longer take refuge in
and sports, but are most common under the balls of the toes or heel. A
and squatted down on his heels by the fire beside the officer with the
and started a lively quarrel with Ohio over the southern boundary. The
and step by step a group was formed of larger dimensions with new
and stern faces to change the candles, but no one noticed them.
and stern satisfaction in an uncomplaining endurance of his
and sternum. On healing, they usually leave a depressed and adherent
and stiffness of joints which sometimes remain.
and still didn't finish carting the dead away. And as for the
and still is written about the Berezina, on the French side this is
and still more excited by the danger of being crushed, he rushed at
and stood without speaking.
and stopped in the doorway. The evening sky that had been so clear was
and stores, and Murat had only begged leave to loose the cavalry to
and strangely softened but agitated expression on his face. He came up
and stream with the aid of science; they built cities according to the
and strengthened by non-striped muscle. They are rarely provided with a
and strengthened in his soul a power of life independent of it.
and stretching," said Prince Andrew to himself. While listening to
and strict economy frequently supported the whole domestic circle,
and stroked the animal. It was plain that he did not quite grasp where
and subject to government regulation in the common interest.
and submissively folded before him his thin hands, unused to work.
and such mistresses and such and such ministers and he ruled France
and sudden changes of temperature are to be avoided. The induction of
and suddenly a crowd turned toward him and pressed round him. Those
and suddenly find that we are not in Otradnoe, but in Fairyland. And
and suddenly in his captivity he had learned not by words or reasoning
and suddenly there stood..."
and suddenly two old women began spinning round on the carpet? Was
and suggestions that they should return to Moscow to the house on
and summoned a convention. Following in the footsteps of their
and sunny. She could understand nothing, think of nothing and feel
and superstition, and only two virtues--activity and intelligence.
and sustain a plantation beyond the seas. Sometimes the proprietor
and swamps bought at seventy-five cents an acre were sold to the state
and sweated visibly.
and swelling, and there may be ecchymosis. As the swelling subsides, a
and sympathy in his face, went up to Pierre and bent over him.
and take Mademoiselle Bourienne into the bargain. She'll be the
and take personal command, and to have walked about with a birch stick
and taken the management from the hands of the lawful trustees; and they
and taken to my bivouac; let my doctor, Larrey, examine their
and taking Nesvitski's arm he left Zherkov, who did not know what to
and talk about the nursery was all he saw and heard from his former
and talked of self-sacrifice and so on; but in the army which
and talked successfully, of what he had thought while in the country.
and talked with Napoleon.
and talking on all sides.
and talking to her a little while, felt as if they too were
and taxes on luxuries, occupations, and the earnings of corporations
and teeth are covered with sordes, the motions are loose and offensive,
and temperature yield to salicylates.
and tenants that existed across the sea. So it happened that almost
and tender. When the primary focus is in the deeper tissues, the
and tenderly sad voice, she said:
and tenderness are always in the same spot. As the body usually contains
and tenderness in the sole of the foot. This affection may be associated
and tenderness. She could not believe that there was nothing to
and tending to spread to the periosteum. The disease is common in
and tense; there is severe throbbing pain, which is usually worst at
and territories. Thus by a single blow the very heart of the continent,
and that as a direct result of greater or less success in war the
and that he should go through the door on the left into the
and that he was in everybody's way. He really was in their way, for he
and that he was not a man who had mounted a horse, but a man who was
and that he was particularly tender to and considerate of him from a
and that held by jurisprudence, it follows that jurisprudence can tell
and that her life was very hard, but he also knew that he could not
and that however they might change the setting and adornment of that
and that in this world there is truth."
and that it was not her fault that her face happened to assume an
and that it was right.
and that man near him was groaning so piteously--he felt like
and that meant that all was well."
and that night itself and the moon, and.... all this rushed suddenly
and that no one but the Emperor of Russia has that right.
and that of an adjacent tendon sheath or joint. It is possible, however,
and that she again met Anatole in the little sitting room. Helene
and that she loved both and was afraid of grieving either.
and that she was not going to have any children by me."
and that something should be done, which is felt by those who are
and that terrible work which was not done by the will of a man but
and that the French no longer ventured to attack.
and that the advantage was now on our side. There was a substantial
and that the colonists could not, from the nature of the case, be
and that the cure is speedy and certain. The operation is attended with
and that the force and rapidity of the tidal wave are diminished.
and that the great standing armies should be reduced henceforth to
and that the high death rate in the rice swamps made continuous
and that the princess was a good match. It was very bitter for her.
and that therefore every emergence of a new power, every struggle
and that these are identical, whatever be the cause that leads to the
and that they ought to get away as quickly as possible and save
and that they, though not in power, were commanders of genius.
and that things being so it was quite likely he might be in command of
and that this man or that man is killed, but all that is being done at
and that to maintain the French troupe was costing the government as
and that was his quick temper together with his old hussar habit of
and that which is discarded must be disinfected. In patients with
and that you have even accepted papers from him for safe custody. I
and the 'back country' of the Blue Ridge and the Shenandoah was fully
and the Austrian general were talking in low voices and Kutuzov smiled
and the East meeting." Louisville and St. Louis were already famous for
and the English Club, he felt himself at home in a quiet haven. In
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.
and the French dragoons who galloped after them. The dragoons were now
and the French go to Mexico. The King of Prussia and Bismarck issue
and the French were still regarded with mingled feelings of anger,
and the French, also through the Catholic clergy, offer praise because
and the German government, which is generally brutal but seldom silly,
and the Kentucky country.
and the Kremlin was purged of their presence."
and the Mexican republic to which it belonged extended to them a more
and the Moscovites who took their opinions from others--Ilya Rostov
and the Pinckneys--without coming to the conclusion that there was
and the Republicans. For ten years they filled the country with
and the Scotch who came directly from Scotland, composed one-sixth of
and the South.
and the Standard Oil Company as monopolies in violation of the Sherman
and the abundance of it in the other--a spirituality he himself lacked
and the accountant with the naive face was feeling its texture,
and the action at the Goldbach Stream began.
and the advantages that might accrue. He took the seat indicated to
and the affected portion is not only dilated but is also increased in
and the age of thirty, and the sexes appear to suffer about equally.
and the article le, still without obtaining the desired result. Then
and the artillerymen, Tushin, and the cadet exchanged silent glances
and the bending, and occasional greenstick fracture, of the shafts. The
and the brain torn up; and in the abdomen, the hollow viscera may be
and the breaking off of her engagement to Prince Andrew (which they
and the bureau of immigration was transferred from the Treasury
and the buyers of manufactured goods. The planters were heavy purchasers
and the changes are most marked at the arch of the aorta, opposite the
and the chronic bed-sore.
and the cicatrix undergoes a certain amount of contraction--_cicatricial
and the clot carefully extracted with the aid of forceps; it is
and the colonial assemblies. Franklin relates an amusing story of how
and the colonies independent.
and the comforts of life. Others consisted solely of Cossack
and the common, infinitesimally small elements by which the masses are
and the conception of compulsion is correspondingly decreased or
and the consciousness of the impotence of his once mighty arm,
and the consequent exhaustion of the horses, the chief means of
and the contents of turbid fluid containing desquamated epithelium, fat
and the convoy officer.
and the count moved to go out of the room, taking the papers, probably
and the court, carefully abstaining from expressing an opinion of
and the cysts may escape through perforations into the surrounding
and the damage to subcutaneous parts is usually greater than that to the
and the day before..."
and the disease rapidly yields to anti-syphilitic treatment.
and the disease usually occurs on the feet of adult males who work
and the disposition in them of the bundles of nerve fibres supplying
and the distinguished dignitary who bore the title of "Collector of
and the diversity of race among these people--this eighth and
and the division is completed with the chisel.
and the eldest princess, who were sitting under the portrait of
and the employees.
and the enemy which he has conquered has been the most stubborn of all
and the enemy.
and the enforcement of this agreement it placed in the hands of local
and the event was accompanied by phrases about the glory of France,
and the examination of the accounts with Mitenka did not last long.
and the expenditure on those preparations and the need of obtaining
and the external genitals; less frequently in the gall-bladder, larynx,
and the fat otkupshchik sobbed outright like a child and kept
and the first blades of green grass were pushing up and lifting last
and the first haemorrhage, this time being required for the extension of
and the floor of the mouth, where it constitutes one form of ranula.
and the formation of an imperfectly calcified tissue at the sites of
and the functions of the liver regulated. Severe forms of muscular
and the general desire to show that they were ready to go to all
and the generals, from memoirs, reports, projects, and so forth,
and the good-natured expression still more apparent, and gazed at
and the gully with its water-worn side and "Uncle's" cap just
and the harvest, and asked himself whether he had not forgotten any of
and the inevitable small talk, instead of turning on the weather and
and the infection be diffused into the surrounding tissues.
and the infection which begins at this point then spreads to the rest of
and the inhabitants of the district pray to be defended, and an
and the initial complaint is limitation of movement.
and the injection of irritants, are alternative, but less satisfactory,
and the insane. Three years later, mainly owing to the pressure of the
and the internal jugular vein. The resulting interference with the
and the judges.
and the keener grew the passions of the Russian commanders, blamed one
and the kinaesthetic sense, which recognises that active contraction of
and the labor system of the country gone. About forty miles of the track
and the last of the inhabitants who were leaving.
and the last potatoes received had sprouted and frozen.
and the leaders in the Church became convinced that the battle
and the ligaments are softened, and the surface of the membrane presents
and the limb is immobilised by suitable splints.
and the limitation of its action. If the natural protective effort is
and the little princess also drew Anatole, whom she hardly knew,
and the loneliness of his daughter amid the general conversation. "Got
and the loss of Prince Andrew had reached Bald Hills, and in spite
and the love of death. He consoled himself with the thought that he
and the maneuvers suggested for tomorrow. It was proposed to make a
and the marked tendency to early and progressive septic infection,
and the maxillary and frontal sinuses become filled up with bone, which
and the men's at the other.
and the method of removal are considered with the diseases of bone.
and the more inevitability the less freedom.
and the nail is usually shed.
and the nation. The people of the whole United States suddenly were
and the navy and in the enforcement of the laws.
and the neighbor on his right quickly turned in alarm to Bezukhov.
and the new words they had not heard before, others simply enjoyed
and the old countess, who felt jealous and would have liked them to
and the operation is therefore performed through tissues with an
and the organism of acute osteomyelitis--although frequently remaining
and the other associates of Germany were also laid under heavy
and the other from Sonya. He recognized them by the handwriting and
and the other that the Empire was the real power, and that all the
and the others appreciated Prince Hippolyte's social tact in so
and the others who did not approve of the plan of attack, were
and the papers sent off in due form. The place was a long way off, and
and the parish church stood not infrequently on the estate of the
and the parliamentary party and the turmoil of the Puritan regime
and the patient may be unable to walk. There is a tender swelling on
and the patient may cry out as in meningitis. The post-mortem
and the pillage of Moscow it had borne within itself, as it were,
and the planters of Calhoun's had their theories of government and
and the policy of "watchful waiting" was continued.
and the portrait, and in order to press them again to her lips, she
and the possibility of the young axis cylinders bridging the gap.
and the power pass to Bennigsen, or even if Kutuzov won the battle
and the presence of the good-natured Iogel, flying about like a
and the priests and deacons and some servants also went in at the
and the profits gleaned, the commerce of European nations. A modern
and the pulse feeble and rapid.
and the rate of the current in them being for a time increased--_active
and the recipients of bounties in English markets.
and the redundant nail-fold.
and the rest--but the sum of the components, that is, the interactions
and the results, commercial and political, were soon evident. By the
and the rewards sent to the army are innumerable. Though he is a
and the rich could refrain from helping the poor. She had heard
and the ring of something heavy falling close beside him.
and the rough draft of his answer to it. He became animated when he
and the sale of produce were carried on through a cooperative store, the
and the same for their language which I cannot support to hear
and the same instant of time, or of an effect without a cause, that
and the same look. In the middle of a dull and halting conversation,
and the scouts all say the same thing."
and the scratching or rubbing of the part is liable to cause a breach of
and the secondary manifestations are about to begin. The practice of
and the sheaths of nerves may be involved by the cicatricial changes in
and the side that fights more fiercely and spares itself least will
and the simplicity of the character and intelligence in question, we
and the skin is tense and shiny. In more severe cases the burning and
and the slightest external stimulus, such as the feeling of the pulse, a
and the small white hand holding the Order touched one of Lazarev's
and the smaller number a less direct share, in the collective action
and the smoke? That's Semenovsk, yes, there," he pointed to
and the spinal nerves may also be pressed upon. When the aneurysm is on
and the still-green, thickly growing oats, and at other quite black
and the strange morose look of suffering in his face and whole figure,
and the streets were crowded with them. In the streets, around carts
and the subsequent dosage will be regulated by the effect produced. If
and the surface is covered by the ingrowth of epithelium from the edges.
and the talk of the Emperor's being expected to arrive next day--all
and the tariff of 1857 had failed to produce an income sufficient to
and the tariff. The conflict between the parties grew steadily in
and the teeth do not oppose one another. In the _thorax_, the chief
and the tendon replaced. If there is a bony projection from the
and the thinned-out edges. Thin, devitalised tags of skin often stretch
and the thought that he, an exemplary officer of many years' service
and the time quicker and when, here and there, as he ran his fingers
and the troops advanced noiselessly, only occasionally a jingling of
and the trumpets of the first cavalry regiment played the general
and the tympanum. When they are infected with pyogenic organisms or
and the urine may contain sugar and albumen.
and the water is running on my seat! I'll go and look for shelter. The
and the way Paulucci had allowed himself to speak of him to the
and the west), that on reaching Bald Hills it struck him as strange
and the whole effort has been to get some bill headed: 'A bill to punish
and the whole meaning of her life. And for the first time she felt
and the whole throng hurried to the entrance.
and the whole weight of his wrath fell on her. She was to blame that a
and the wooded banks above the winding river vanishing in the purple
and the word angina was repeated with great satisfaction.
and the words and looks of those who had seen them together. He
and the wound may have been healed for some time before the inflammation
and theaters. Natasha felt offended by the hesitation she had
and their assistants (of whom there were but few) moved about among
and their coming to Petersburg, and the likeness between Natasha and
and their endings mainly to the intrigues and rivalries of European
and their hunger. As usual, in their spare time, they lit bonfires,
and their legal existence as separate persons. All these grievances they
and their origin from synovial membrane may be accepted as proved. They
and their own part in civilization, women naturally became deeply
and their presence is almost invariably associated with an effusion of
and their sylvan peace was soon broken by an invasion of planters. The
and their time of utterance are related as commands to the events.
and their voices trembled. A dance, for which her partner came to seek
and their well-brushed clothes. There was a masculine odor and a smell
and themselves there are some semi-private, long-established jokes and
and then I would make him laugh as he used to laugh. And his eyes--how
and then I'll come back for her."
and then addressed Pierre.
and then at Tsarevo-Zaymishche, but it happened that owing to a
and then being absorbed, and replaced to a large extent by ordinary
and then got up again.
and then his attention wandered from the book and the Square and he
and then in Warsaw but never wished to go where he was sent:
and then instead of seeking causes, history will take the discovery of
and then on the other.
and then quietly, smoothly, and confidently began playing in very slow
and then sa pauvre mere would appear and he would marry her. So her
and then to mean too much. More than anything she feared lest the
and then, as if fearing he might take her words as meant to move him
and then, suddenly spread out in the sunlight, far-distant objects
and then..."
and there dense sheaves of flame (now red and now like golden fish
and there is usually more new bone on the surface--hyperostosis; in
and there is usually some constitutional disturbance.
and there locked himself in and wept bitterly. When he came in to tea,
and there results a relapse or recrudescence of the disease. This
and there seemed no end to it. All around the quarters occupied by the
and there was a smile on his lips and face, but his eyes were dull and
and thereby to render them capable of receiving it.
and therefore valued most highly. He tried to picture what would
and these in turn may be the starting-point of new emboli which give
and these present features closely resembling the tropical variety, and
and they announce a victory, supposing that the more people they
and they are talking of a levy of ten men per thousand. Oh yes, let me
and they awoke in him astonishment at the genius of his hero, a
and they could not cure him of it.) Dessalles slept propped up on four
and they felt sure he had brought presents for them all.
and they received money for it and had spent the best years of their
and they thought that the conquest of Canada would obviate some Northern
and they were neither few nor insignificant, urged that such matters
and thin, and eventually sloughs, allowing the pus to escape.
and thinking of that.
and thinking without doing anything (which seemed to them
and third years, and two courses during the fourth year (Lambkin).
and this explained to him why they all prepared for death calmly,
and this man and that man, did not execute such and such maneuvers...
and this man with bare legs jumped very high and waved his feet
and this may be the starting-point of lymphangitis or cellulitis.
and this may have an important bearing on the question of accident,
and this may often be recognised clinically by a peculiar crunching or
and this, together with their depth, may lead to their being mistaken
and those freshly formed to defeat him wherever he may appear. May the
and those of them were. The boy, thrusting his cold hands into his
and those who had been campaigning under Kutuzov. The two Emperors,
and though they entitled one another Majesties, Highnesses, or
and thrashing the laboring sides of his chestnut horse with his whip
and through him obtain a special grant." Nor did he say to himself:
and through the smoke saw ranks of men in uniforms of a color
and thud of the enemy's cannon balls, from the flushed and
and tidied themselves up after their journey, Marya Dmitrievna
and tied; and divided muscles, tendons, or nerves must be sutured. After
and till then considered a chef-d'oeuvre of tactical science which
and time to go to bed.
and to a pale young officer with a bandaged arm. On seeing the count
and to attempt to get out of bed. There is general muscular tremor, most
and to become translucent when the brilliant sun appeared and
and to control them without their being aware of it. In a word, we
and to cut off showed itself particularly whenever the Russians
and to have the assistance of counsel for his defence.
and to have to prove to them what he had not merely convinced
and to hear a human voice. The satisfaction of one's needs--good food,
and to his surprise and dissatisfaction found it had improved. He
and to protect their subjects residing in that republic. They invited
and to restrict their field of action. Within the area thus
and to some factor causing displacement, which may be the accumulation
and to suffer with you is the greatest happiness for me," and he
and to the Governor's. In the offices and shops and at the post office
and to the Rontgen rays than the normal cells of the body, and are more
and to the X-rays is often beneficial in these cases.
and to the influence of advisers and other people introduced by the
and to the outer side of the sterno-mastoid muscle. It occasionally
and tobacco in large amounts directly to English factors, who took his
and toes it may lead to a progressive destruction of tissue like that
and told her he had long wished to have this happiness--ever since the
and told her she was bewitching and that he loved her. During the
and told her that one way or another he would never cease to love her,
and told him that he had been pardoned and would now go to the
and told stories of his kindness and irascibility. Berg, as usual,
and told the count such vile, disgraceful things about us,
and took her hand.
and traders were murdered in the provinces; foreign legations were
and transmitting its pulsation.
and treaties made, or which shall be made, under their authority;--to
and trembled with emotion. This meeting immediately struck Rostov as a
and trembling--were silently doing something to this man's other, gory
and trial seemed unnecessary. It was evident that any answer would
and tried by the same system of using letters as numbers and adding
and tried to assume the majestic air she considered indispensable
and tried to compromise. Finding Adams relentless, the governor yielded
and tried to hurry, but his legs refused to move and he knew he
and trimming the mutilated finger so as to provide a useful stump.
and triumph.
and trying to take from him a fox-fur coat, he vaguely understood that
and tuberculous varieties, or is introduced directly through a wound, as
and tumble of practical politics. He had taken a prominent and
and turned to look at Pierre.
and turning away hurriedly he entered the shed.
and tutti quanti.... You will agree that if you did not look after
and twenty wagons, not more than sixty now remained; the rest had been
and twisting the sinews and scorching the flesh of his sprained arm
and two others--the doctor and a valet--lay on the floor.
and typical _main en griffe_ ensue. The loss of sensibility after
and unconsciously put out her tongue as if chiding herself. Seeing
and under varying circumstances. The actual number of organisms
and undertaken something new. But after a four days' halt the mob,
and uneasy curiosity men feel when they see an alien form of life that
and unexpected to find the way of life there unchanged and still the
and unexpectedly again began to cry.
and unexpectedly. Everybody looked at him, understanding what he
and unpleasant.
and unworthy. Then our talk turned to the interpretation of the
and upper part of the spine are bent forwards; the legs are held apart,
and usually contains sarcomatous elements. The consistence of the tumour
and utter one of his mots.
and vegetable dealers, or florists. There is usually a history of trauma
and vein. In former times the most common situation was at the bend of
and venomously retorted on the inexperienced young man, "but I know on
and very quickly. He stood up and coughed. His face was gloomy and his
and villages of the wide-stretching farm lands of the North was another
and violence: why because the Duke was wronged, thousands of men
and viscera. They are often localised to one particular tissue or organ,
and void; its enforcement in South Carolina is unlawful; if the federal
and wagged his head approvingly.
and wait for her, she went silently toward the door that everyone
and wait for me."
and walked away from the sergeant major with brightened expressions,
and was about to cross the space between the barriers, when Dolokhov
and was about to run on, thinking that the farther he went to the
and was afraid of doing so.
and was angrily searching for fleas, baring his yellow teeth and
and was breathless when Pierre spoke to him. He did not miss a
and was bringing back with him much that might conduce to the
and was hated by the commune, must be hesitating between the two
and was herself horrified at what she had said.
and was lying down in the new sitting room with a vinegar compress
and was not done, because Poniatowski, advancing on the village
and was rapidly and excitedly talking to a French grenadier. "Hark
and was replaced by a feeling of horror at what lay there before
and was ruled by a "Grand Wizard." Each state was a realm and each
and was told that his turn would come in due course. After some others
and was unable to overcome or conceal his groundless antipathy to
and waxy degeneration in the viscera may ultimately be induced.
and wealth.
and weary faces, were sitting at the table eating and drinking.
and welcome for the approaching chief.
and welfare of all my subjects.' However, I know their presence will
and well calculated to accomplish the purposes of the authors.
and well-bred Count Rostov. Among the men was an Italian prisoner,
and went away again having ordered the infantry supports behind the
and went away. Natasha with a gay, coquettish smile talked to him, and
and went for a ride--to try a new horse Ilyin had bought and to find
and went in to the Minister of War. Five minutes later he returned and
and went out to pay visits, and then only to the most important
and went straight to the house.
and went to the carriage.
and went to the lodging occupied by Boris and Zhilinski.
and went with her into the unoccupied room.
and went with me into my study carrying a large book of sheets of
and wept. She saw her brother now as he had been at the moment when he
and were able to pay $300 rather than serve exceeded all expectations.
and were as much occupied with evening parties, dinners, lunches,
and were at law, hunted over places that belonged by custom to the
and were forced to bend it back and hastily entrench it where it
and were in animated talk over their tea about the events of the day
and were related to her meeting with Rostov.
and were talking patriotism, he somehow felt ashamed to take the step.
and western Jersey, it had drawn within its borders, just before the
and what constitutes the essence of these two conceptions, the
and what this or that political party will do for you. Why don't you
and what, without indiscretion, one might ask about our plans.
and when a vessel is only partly divided and is therefore unable to
and when alone with him she sometimes laughed. She hardly ever left
and when and where.
and when our armies did unite he was displeased that Smolensk was
and when she felt a need to speak spitefully, the pretext would be
and when the cavities of the skull, the thorax, or the abdomen are
and when the original wound had completely healed. It usually followed
and when they caught sight of its burned ruins no one swore to be
and when they divide in such a way that the resulting cells remain in
and whether she ought to write, tormented her. Now that he was already
and which he knew would not stand the sight of these unfortunates.
and which he was unable to arrest. A personal, human feeling for a
and which now allured him. "A splendid wife, children, a good pack
and which shall be established by law: but the Congress may by law vest
and which therefore affected her very strongly. She was sure he
and while they caught at his hand and kissed his shoulder he patted
and white hands meekly folded on his knees, sat close to Helene and,
and who have lived for a long time on tinned foods.
and who made use of "carpet-bagging" in the South to win the spoils that
and who should awaken terrible memories in the Emperor Alexander's
and who will vindicate them, if ever they should be violated." The
and whom he had had dressed in a Russian coat so that he might be kept
and why he had come, or what was happening to her. When she saw his
and why?" And at the sight the old man turned angrily away.
and widely, and fewer still who could devote their lives to things that
and wife can talk, that is, with extraordinary clearness and rapidity,
and wife felt with satisfaction that, even if only one guest was
and will also be referred to later.
and will consist in this compulsory and irreproachable idleness.
and will do so.... So you see there can be no question about-" said
and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend the
and wiped his eyes at the sight.
and wish you to have as good an opinion of me. Don't upset yourself,
and wished he could tell what, if anything, this man was thinking
and wit, they could vie with the sons of Harvard or William and Mary or
and with Sonya's love and his promise to her. It was all dreadfully
and with _rheumatism_, especially that following scarlet fever, and are
and with a deep sigh left the drawing room and locked its main door.
and with a hooked nose. Then came two more, and many more running
and with a nervous movement of his fingers he unconsciously broke
and with a pale face went out of the room and into what had been
and with a quiet, long, easy yet resolute lope.
and with a sense of antipathy to the old prince which she did not
and with baritone notes in his voice, new to Boris, pointing to his
and with bated breath and glittering, frightened eyes gazed straight
and with chyluria.
and with dignity, and the deacon is the same. What holiness is there
and with galoshes on his bare feet, stood in the anteroom. On seeing
and with great rapidity, during the period of extreme debility which
and with shaggy caps on their heads, and an escort of hussars and
and with the continuous effort at reconstruction of the bone by Nature's
and with the edges. The resulting cicatrix may be slightly depressed,
and with various lesions of the brain and spinal cord, such as general
and without awaiting a reply, Prince Andrew rose and left the table.
and without concealing it he tried to be with Natasha all day. Not
and without consulting anyone's tastes or rules and regardless of
and without having time for a private talk with his wife sat down at
and without obvious cause, a rush of blood occurs from the mouth or the
and without regard to any census or enumeration.
and women danced with bare legs. Then the king again shouted to the
and women employed, fortunes made, wages paid, cities founded, rivers
and women." Paine laid his lash fiercely on the Tories, branding every
and word that filled his soul with joy.
and working the screws himself.
and workshops. So the first task Pierre had to face was one for
and worn heavy chains. Princess Mary was particularly fond of her.
and would never know that the newly erected buildings were standing
and would on no account have told a deliberate lie. He began his story
and wounded who, it seemed to him, caught at his feet. But before he
and wounded, and the still more terrible news of the loss of Moscow
and wrinkled soles and palms.
and wrinkled; he waved his arm at Toll and turned to the opposite side
and wrote a few words on a large sheet of paper folded in four).
and yet angry, his showing under his black mustache. "I'd have
and yet at the same time only a part of a whole too immense for man to
and yet could not cease to ask himself. It was as if the thread of the
and yielding a sensation like that of a sponge; the skin over it is
and yields a purulent discharge. The primary lesion may persist until
and you find that a cause for jesting!"
and you know there was a large icon of God Almighty painted with a
and you yourself are left facing that abyss, and look in. And I have
and you yourself say your Papa's affairs are in a very bad way. And
and you, young woman, you bow down too; and you, grandchildren, also
and your capital!' The one general whom we all loved, Schmidt, you
and yourselves. It must be here somewhere," said Lavrushka.
and youth as well as in adult life. In some cases pain is so severe that
and youth, the shoulder and wrist in adults; the knee, ankle, and elbow
and, as a rule, also the pectorals and spinati, but the rhomboids and
and, as a rule, do not appear for seven or eight days after the
and, as you yourself reported to Count Buxhowden yesterday, you must
and, at the very moment when the Emperor, having alighted from the
and, availing himself of permission previously given him by Kutuzov to
and, by a smile that broadened his round face more and more,
and, hastily stepping up, without a word began weeping and kissing
and, having been clamped above and below, a longitudinal opening is made
and, having closed the door behind him and satisfied himself that
and, having lain in ambush in a ditch, now attacked the French
and, hearing that they wished to see the count, said his excellency
and, his face glowing from exposure to the wind and with nothing on
and, holding his thumb extended, drew his long hair from under his
and, hurriedly kissing her gray hair, ran back to the maids who were
and, if it was not settled to his satisfaction, he brought it before the
and, if possible, the removal of infected tissues. The resulting wound
and, if this is done early, suppuration may be avoided. If pus forms,
and, in general, food for the men. The younger ones occupied
and, in women, about the labia minora or fourchette; they probably
and, instead of going to the back entrance where his carriage
and, like a schoolboy in a hurry to run out to play, blundered in
and, looking at the ground flying beneath him and at the sparkling
and, my word, they didn't let us get near before they just threw
and, on running the fingers along the course of the vessel, a firm
and, passing three houses, turned into a yard on the right.
and, recognizing him as a gentleman, they all avoided him, more
and, remarking, "Nowadays good wine rides in a carriage and pair,"
and, scowling, he gave Nicholas just such a look as he had given
and, seeing her guilty expression, put his other arm around her and
and, seeing the knot in it, pondered, shaking his head sadly and
and, striking his left heel against his right, flew round again in a
and, taking Natasha's hand, kissed it.
and, taking his squadron quartermaster with him, drove at a gallop
and, thoroughly soured, he left the White House in 1845 not to appear in
and, to use Jefferson's phrase, dependent upon "the caprices and
and, when it joined the army in the field in the second half of the
and, when merry and laughing, quite unconsciously lifted the upper lip
and, winding down and up, rose higher and higher to the village of
and, with a practiced motion of three fingers, taking down another
and, would you believe it, he jabbered something in their lingo."
aneurysm enlarges, and are not always well marked even when the sac is
aneurysm is said to become _diffused_, and the extravasated blood
aneurysm results. The internal and middle coats being already damaged,
aneurysm, and through its outer wall. The needles are made to touch the
aneurysm, however, by compressing the vein and the articular branches,
aneurysm, the sac becoming adherent to an adjacent vein, and ultimately
aneurysmal varix, and at the same time incising the sac, turning out the
anger, burst in like a tempest and approached her mother with rapid
angiomatous tumours, aneurysms, and the bruises that occur in
angle being more prominent, the spine is more horizontal and the lower
angle formed by the junction of the left internal jugular and subclavian
angles, and bade him lie down, saying that he must prostrate himself
angrier at having blushed, and looked at the princess with a bold
angrily and disrespectfully at Kozlovski.
angrily: "O Lord! How stupid and deaf she is!"
angry and write to Bennigsen (who reported separately to the
angry look and hurried away. It was when Pierre (wearing the
angry look and wanted to seize hold of Dolokhov's shirt.
animal force, and so on, but we are conscious of the force of life
animal looks at the approaching dogs and sportsmen.
animal with a gray back and big reddish belly. She ran without
animal, and to show a marked affinity for nerve tissues; and the disease
animals--from men to horses--in various stages of decomposition; and
animate it the crowd needed a tangible object to love and a tangible
animated and happy when, after getting up at daybreak and spending the
animated and, hastily passing between the rows, came toward their box.
animated. He planned another garden and began a new building for the
animation, and determination that had come on him when he ran to
ankle--blisters often form on the surface and constitute a possible
ankylosis, various sub-luxations and dislocations may occur with
ankylosis. In this way the fingers are seriously crippled and deformed.
ankylosis. The changes progress slowly and, before they result in
annals are short and simple. The regulars from the standing army who
annexation are scattered through this volume and it is an exercise in
annexation of Porto Rico and the Philippines. American influence in the
announce that His Highness was in the ballroom and wished to see her.
announced resolutely and firmly that if he was not allowed to enter
announced that dinner was ready! The door opened, and from the
announcement declared that the colonists, "misled by dangerous and
announcing the approach of something decisive and solemn, and
annual messages urged upon Congress more autonomy for the Filipinos and
another and Kutuzov most of all. Anticipation that the failure of
another and especially Kutuzov for having failed to do so.
another and reproached and disputed with each other.
another and soon the whole battalion ran forward shouting "Hurrah!"
another and spent most of their time together. When one went out the
another and talking to himself. And he spent the night on a bed made
another and yet another cart.
another as form to content, do we get the mutually exclusive and
another bench and put it beside the table. Ermolov, Kaysarov, and
another down the hillsides, and clouds of cannon smoke rolling,
another for Hayes; and a deadlock ensued. Both parties vehemently
another in his imagination, particularly of the battle of Borodino and
another in such and such ways, why not explain them by the fact that
another in the crowd. The interpreter addressed an old porter and
another in the large hall and they whispered to one another. Then a
another in the path of virtue, and that is how Freemasonry presented
another individual, and the incubation period is a short one of from two
another instrument that began almost the same air, and then with a
another leader was necessary, having qualities and views differing
another of unheard-of losses, of the loss of half the army, and a
another pie but felt shy, and therefore pretended to be examining
another place with dozens of other men, and it seemed that they
another place, and Chichagov should have crossed (more than
another reason for slackening the pace and delaying presented itself
another two minutes and it is certain death," thought each one.
another very important result. It turned the capital and enterprise of
another's eyes--and what had seemed impossible and remote suddenly
another's legs and drawing out the wax, with a ceaseless hum of labor-
another, "I agree," or for variety, "I too am of that opinion," and so
another, and in her heart she sided with "Granddad." In the midst of
another, and this event was accompanied by its justification in the
another, gave expression to his thoughts, and even to the same
another, reminded him of the Rhine and the Colosseum. The cabmen he
another, screamed, and ran back again.
another, the princess anxious and inquiring, the nurse encouraging.
another, they all gave, and transmitted, orders as to how to
another, upsetting carts, and shouting and squeezing desperately,
another, which causes sudden reflex contraction of the muscles, and the
another. All became silent and turned to look at the pale tear-worn
another. I'd sleep a bit and then again go and kiss the relics, and
another. The shot rattled against the stone of the gate and upon the
another. They killed the king and many other people. At that time
another... very sorry the prince is still ailing," and after a few
answer it. "Dear Princess," she wrote in French quickly and
answer the congratulations and greetings from acquaintances that met
answer to his doubts and to confirm the fact that now he understood
answer. At last he moved up to Pierre and, taking the kerchief that
answered the Frenchwoman very readily and, looking at her with a
answered the countess sharply and sarcastically.
answered the soldier. Prince Andrew took out his purse and gave the
antagonism; which of them is to gain and keep the upper hand in the
antechamber, reported in a whisper that the prince was sleeping, and
anteroom he would pass through the conservatory and pantry into the
anteroom, put on cloaks or mantles, and drive away. The conversation
anteroom; empty bottles, cloaks, and overshoes were lying about; there
anthrax, and are readily recognised and cultivated. Sporulation only
anti-bacterial substances, so that the bacilli are able to thrive and
anti-slavery paper, _The Liberator_. With singleness of purpose and
anti-syphilitic treatment and immobilisation of the limb.
anti-syphilitic treatment, and complete recovery is the rule.
anticipated any danger of invasion of the Russian provinces, and no
antiseptic tooth powder or wash. The mouth and throat should be rinsed
antiseptics must be employed for bathing and dressing it, and as far as
antrum and middle ear. It also occurs in relation to the peripheral
anxiety and felt mortified by it. She blushed for him, grew still
anxiety to the person bitten and to his friends would be avoided if
anxiety, and self-reproach for having let him go.
anxious to be presented to Prince Nicholas Bolkonski, and had
anxious to find seemliness, happiness, and peace in everything, and
any avail, and the sooner this is done, the greater is the hope of
any conspiracy and without soldiers. Any guard might arrest him, but
any given moment and because many of the adjutants did not go to the
any of our quarrels and affronts matter? I love and forgive
any rate there was no one more active and experienced than
any rate, Pierre longed with his whole soul to believe and he did
any reasoned cause, makes a man contented with himself and disposed to
any remained, they were worse than beggars and nothing more could be
any the worse off. In Siberia they lead the same animal life, and
any violence to the inhabitants or any looting, and announcing a
any. I from the one side and Prince Bagration from the other are
anyone and even advantageously, as long as no one asks what is the
anyone flogged or sent to Siberia--and still less for your serfs. If
anyone went up to Denisov and began questioning him about the matter
anyone who asked of him. All he cared about was gaiety and women,
anyone. Anatole went up to him and began speaking to him, looking at
anyone." She stood by her mother's side and exchanged nods with
anything and I never will again, nor have I ever reminded you of my
anything and kept wriggling about on her chair regardless of her
anything and was drenched with perspiration, yet he did not go home
anything announced in that timid tone and considered it her duty to do
anything else of late, and particularly so on this bright, hot
anything else, it rose and fell with stupid simplicity, but
anything in the world; and for the French its immediate result was
anything more profound, more skillful, or more admirable," and
anything that went on that evening. They danced the ecossaise and
anything. Here is a letter to Prince Vasili, and here is money.
anything. There was something particularly pathetic and resolute in
anything. They put questions and gave brief replies about things
anywhere and wandered from room to room like a shadow, idle and
aortic aneurysm, occur. The pulses in the right upper extremity and in
apart from and independent of himself.
apart from his will. Most diverse thoughts and images occupied him
apart from whether it had, or had not, a hundred and thirty inferior
apartments, and that she received on Sundays.
aponeurosis. It is of common occurrence in athletes and in those who
apparent reason, ran back and disappeared from the outskirts, and
apparently insuperable diplomatic difficulties and ends the military
apparently robust and are in affluent circumstances.
apparently suffering more than the dying soldier, and he rode away.
apparition and began speaking about the prince's indisposition.
apparition of a girl in a white chemise, dressing jacket, and
appealed to idealists and brought results in elections. Even South
appeals and consigned them to the waste basket. Not until the Whigs were
appear a grown-up man. But the farther he went and the more his
appear and hold their own, however incongruous their presence and
appear as spreading and confluent circles of a scaly papular eruption,
appear at any age from early youth to middle life, and is of slow growth
appear on the skin and mucous membranes, and the patient may suffer from
appear to notice the constraint the newcomer produced and, with the
appear, compared to the lofty, equitable, and kindly sky which he
appear. These rapidly increase in area and thickness, till they coalesce
appearance among the hussars, Cossacks, and adjutants, in his camlet
appearance and architectural arrangement of a long bone come to be
appearance of women on the platform was new and strange. Naturally it
appearance, and may be perforated by cloacae (Fig. 122).
appearance, such granulations as are present being unhealthy and
appearance; or they become oedematous, and the subcutaneous venous
appearances of the pus may not supply the desired information, and it
appeared as insoluble and terrible as ever, and Pierre hastily
appeared from behind his company and, though he was a middle-aged
appeared in each presidential campaign one, and sometimes two or more
appeared on his face and the other turned away and went down the
appeared to him in a dream: his mother and her large white hand,
appeared, and they were called to breakfast. Natasha kept looking
appeared, then a second and a third almost simultaneously, and at
appears as a livid or red swelling at the root of the nail and spreading
appears denser and broader than normal, and the contour is uneven or
appears on the outer aspect of the cheek, and rapidly increases in size;
appears soon after; and last of all, after a considerable interval,
appears that we are within sight of the enemy and must give battle.
appendages, the mucous membranes, and the lymph glands.
appendicitis, tuberculous peritonitis, and other conditions. In the
appendix and amputated through the thigh in haemophilic subjects without
appetite remains good and is even voracious.
applause and tears of his devotees, to the Hermitage, his home in
apples, nuts (raw and roasted), and nut-and-honey sweets. Afterwards
application of blunt violence to the skull; and of the arteries of the
application of the Wilmot Proviso at any and all hazards." A conference,
application of the test is highly complicated and can only be carried
application of the thermo-cautery and sponging with pure carbolic acid,
applied as already described (p. 39). A drain is not necessary, and in
applied at intervals to different parts of the naevus, the duration and
applied to women and giving them many of the "rights of man." California
applying the steam engine to navigation, Stevens and Peter Cooper trying
appointed Clay to the office of Secretary of State; and they set up a
appointed Minister of This and B Governor General of That, and that
appointed by the Emperor himself, and this fresh opportunity for
appointed quarters near Braunau, where they hoped to receive boots and
appointed the civil and military officers. He granted pardons and
appointed; and if there be more than one who have such majority, and
appointment in the army, their position gave them influence, and often
appointment of the governor and other officers was controlled by
appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia
appointment to London was a promotion and that he was so to regard it.
apportioned and put to proper use fall into the hands of another,
apportioned on a different basis, elected in different ways, and to
apprehension and distrust--but the expression on all the faces was
approach of the French came from all sides, and in one village, ten
approach, but even in this room there now stood an empty bath, and
approached Natasha and sat down beside her. Pierre saw how Prince
approached and he felt a nervous shudder run down his spine. But the
approached him with disturbed countenances became calm; soldiers and
approached him, and repressing the terror that seized her, she pressed
approached that group and listened with a kindly smile and nods of
approached the door of the minister's room. He felt offended, and
approached the right flank of the Preobrazhensk battalion and came
approached, as if the hounds in full cry and Daniel ulyulyuing were
approaching and forming up. "One word from me, one movement of my
appropriated by Congress in 1916 to assist the states in building and
appropriation of federal funds for highways, canals, and railways.
appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of the
approval and a confirmation of his thoughts, and after a few
approval of every state and there was always at least one recalcitrant
approval. Only after a long and acrimonious debate did enough states
approved the resistance to British measures offered by Massachusetts and
approving Hamilton's measures and policies. The Federalists, divided in
aqueducts, and broken canals, which told of once prosperous peoples
arbiter of her own fate and guardian and instructor of her nephew, was
arbitrariness and violence, and regarded him as his bitterest foe.
arbitrary power whether of state or males" and demanded political
arborescent appearance. In other cases the injured skin becomes dry and
archduke's as good as another, as you know) and even if it is only
arching his head and breaking into a short canter, tugged at his
arching his left elbow with a somewhat theatrical gesture, and, with a
architect, and though he looked very grim he said nothing to anyone.
ardor they are now trying to prove by physiology and comparative
are Masons and I hope that you are not one of those who
are also liable to be injured. The dissection is rendered easier and is
are applied, and covered by a pad of absorbent wool. As far as possible
are arranged loosely; and the _hard fibroma_, which is composed of
are asking for. I need only advise anything and his Highness is sure
are associated with, and probably result from, a fibromatosis of the
are at first dry and pearly white in appearance, but as a result of
are at the same time easily digested and nourishing, especially proteids
are broken up so as to form masses or chains of _cocci_; and around the
are childwen of the dust... but one falls in love and one is a God,
are clonic in character, affect chiefly the muscles of respiration and
are covered with granulations, extra-articular abscesses form, and
are derived from the endothelium of lymph spaces and vessels. The
are due to the bovine bacillus, 37 per cent. to the human variety, and
are easily enucleated, and they do not tend to recur after removal. In
are employed. An autogenous vaccine may be prepared and injected. When
are exact copies in wording although differently arranged and
are extremely severe, and death may ensue within a few hours.
are free of organisms, but equally in the management of wounds and other
are imperfectly reproduced; hence the scar remains smooth, dry, and
are in abeyance, and it is only after the inflammation has been allayed,
are involved, the pressure is not so high and there is comparatively
are irregular, deep and puckered, and show a great tendency to contract.
are its unsightliness and its probable increase in size in the course of
are known as gouty ulcers, and these may extend through the cartilage
are liable to break down and lead to the formation of ulcers which may
are made at fortnightly intervals, and on account of the cicatricial
are met with and may be the seat of bursitis. That over the _tuberosity
are met, and on how and by whom the whole matter is handled. To
are not infrequent when there are adhesions to the chest wall and
are of congenital origin and usually make their appearance at or shortly
are often so insidious and painless in their development that they are
are paralysed, and in some cases the radial extensors of the wrist and
are persons and entitled to all the rights and privileges of human
are poured over and around the wound, after which the field dressing is
are prepared if necessary to go on insisting day after day and hour
are rarely evident at birth, and may not give rise to visible tumours
are removed and the minute punctures are sealed with collodion. The
are seen to have a well-defined rounded outline, and to contain a finely
are small in size and have prominent granulations, and by the aid of a
are softer and more sensitive. The glands in nearest relation to the
are surrounded by other such excitedly animated and healthy men." So
are the seat of burning pain and tenderness. The associated glands are
are tight, and the deep ones may be cutting into the tissues. There is
are unknown and cannot be defined, especially when the strength of the
are vascular and bleed easily, it becomes sanious from admixture with
are waiting.... We have a printing press and any one who can take good
are warm, and when in those dark warm nights, golden stars startle and
are within sight of the enemy and he wishes to profit by the
are you hindering us?" Another in the same place turned round and
area of the tumour, while above and below or around this, the shadow is
area to continue to spread both in width and in depth till it reaches
area, and is usually surrounded by a zone of induration.
area, and to avoid disfigurement should, whenever possible, be made in
area--at the junction of the brow with the hairy scalp, and where the
argued that a mistake had been made earlier and that a battle should
argued, and to betray the trust reposed in them by their countrymen.
argumentatively and calmly and she, led on by his example, began to do
aristocracy and the rich merchants of England.
aristocracy of talents and wealth"--an offense which the Republicans
arm about, till the boards were withdrawn from under him and he
arm and forearm, and there is paralysis of the sympathetic.
arm for haemorrhage from the deep palmar arch, and of the posterior
arm in arm, to stretch their legs and converse in couples.
arm, and went to meet a tall, bald, fair man of about forty with a
arm. Besides, it had been discharged, and he had not had time to
arm. Ganglia are also met with on the dorsum of the metacarpus and on
arm. He stopped and looked about him, brightening everything around by
armchair beside him; Denisov, whose curly hair, mustache, and whiskers
armchair, sat down in it, and listened to Pierre, coughing
armies and over the whole region occupied by them.
armies side by side with soldiers from the English and Scotch-Irish
arms are limited. The disease progresses by fits and starts, until all
arms on the table and began to read. After reading a few lines, he
arms piled and the soldiers, only partly dressed, eating their rye
arms round his neck, and he pranced along with her.
arms was followed by another and another until the long contest was
arms wide and threw them round the little girl who had run in.
arms, and assumed a serious expression.
arms, clucked his tongue and let his horses go.
arms, gave them offices, and bought them seats in the House of Commons.
arms, wearing a short jacket, bast shoes, and a Kazan hat, was
arms. She screamed desperately and angrily and tried with her little
army and disbanding the Semenov regiment."
army and the wealthy city.
army is presented to us by the historians as something great and
army is well organized and strong and has withdrawn to Drissa
army of total illiterates, men and women who could read and write no
army together, and among them Ermolov's big imposing figure. They
army was lost forever and there came into being something nondescript,
army! The enemy is beaten, and tomorrow we shall drive him from the
army's position, and vividly imagined what awaited it and the part
army, an unnecessary burden of taxation, and would be a constant menace
army, and he watched this force and guided it in as far as that was in
army, the Russian army, everyone declared, was extraordinary and had
army, the plans suggested, the situation of Moscow, and military
army--and methodically to collect the provisions, of which
army--physically and mentally--remained.
arose mainly on the frontiers, where the restless and pushing pioneers
around are red, glazed, and oedematous. The discoloration and swelling
around him a fragrance of perfume and wine, and had uttered the
around him and then again at his feet. The former and the latter
around him and were searching him.
around him, but no one answered him, everybody was too excited; and
around its margins. The epidermis, which is thin and shiny, gives way,
around the fireside and at the taverns. When the day of resistance to
around them they saw chaos in finance and in industry and perils for the
around. But the men in the battery seemed not to notice this, and
arouse him and conversation would be resumed, to the accompaniment
arouse in her such an incomprehensible and terrifying feeling. To
aroused with fresh force that feeling of agitation and expectation
aroused. "I'll dress up at once and go with them. I'll make Pashette
arrange poor Amelie's happiness, she loves him so passionately, and so
arranged and how nice it all was? There's Uncle Shinshin's brother has
arranged dining and funeral lodge meetings, enrolled new members,
arranged them evenly, and then raised his head. He had an intellectual
arrangements to furnish money, clothing, powder, and other supplies to
arrangements without asking Napoleon and issued orders where and in
arrest and hold without interference from civil courts any one whom he
arrested and exiled for no particular offense; now assembled the
arrested and replaced by a naive and silent feeling of admiration.
arrested in the capillaries and give rise to secondary growths. These
arrival and of thanksgiving for the conclusion of peace with the
arrival he went, angry and scowling and without answering questions as
arrival of many wealthy families from Moscow, and as in everything
arrival of young Prince Andrew and his wife was daily expected, but
arrival, he went nowhere and spent whole days in reading Thomas a
arrival, saw both Emperors get into boats, and saw how Napoleon-
arrival. His face looked sad, and he had grown still stouter since
arrive; and slowly turning her eyes from the visitor to her aunt, Anna
arrived and Pierre with thirteen others was led to the Virgin's Field.
arrived at their places at the appointed time and destroyed the enemy.
arrived from Moscow, and news of the surrender of Moscow to the French
arrived he was not in and hardly any of the staff were there--they had
arriving from Russia were settling near the fortress of Braunau and
arsenic, and iron, and in some cases of iodide of potassium. Luff
arsenic. Anti-syphilitic remedies should be given, and if they are
arsenical preparation are therefore usually indicated, and should be
arseno-billon, and diarsenol, are chemically equivalent to salvarsan,
art--Medicine and Surgery--are so intimately related that it is
arterial or venous trunks may take place and endanger life.
arterial tension and to diminish the force of the heart's action. The
arterioles and the efferent venules of which often share in the
artery above and below the point of communication.
artery concerned, and the relations of the erosion to the surrounding
artery from which it arises is small, pulsation and bruit may be slight
artery, the carotid and subclavian arteries are tied at the seat of
arthritis_--the general and local phenomena are intensified, the
arthropathy, consists in supporting and protecting the joint by means of
articles, "awl, soap, and all," as the soldiers say. There was only
articular cartilage on the convex aspect and a variable thickness of
articular cartilage, which becomes softened and fibrillated and is worn
articular surfaces which have lost their cartilage and become covered
articulating each syllable distinctly, and, not replying to Madame
artificial smile on her lips, she got up and left the room. All
artificiality, and a feeling of horror at renouncing the possibility
artillery which had been moved forward and was in action, deafening
artisans, mechanics, and laborers; and the latter, patriotic women. Both
arts of warfare, and to practice, if in a small theater, the science of
arts, and sciences, he ran counter to the current which had set in
as 'Usurper and Enemy of Mankind.'"
as America had done four score years before, its political and economic
as Anna Mikhaylovna took off her gloves and, occupying the position
as Brothers in Freemasonry and not as Prince B. or Ivan Vasilevich D.,
as I remember Nikolenka. Him--I just shut my eyes and remember, but
as Kentucky, Oklahoma, and Maryland.
as Pierre knew by the smell, and he was told that he would now see the
as _keloid_ and _molluscum fibrosum_, and those met with in the _sheaths
as _melaena_; and the passage of bloody urine, as _haematuria_.
as a _medullary_ or _encephaloid cancer_. If the alveoli are small and
as a coalition against the very principles of republicanism; and the
as a flap, the bursa is dissected out, and the projection of bone, if
as a force that itself produces events, and treat it as their cause.
as a gentleman of the chamber, presented himself at court and at a
as a hard lump and increases in size until the epidermis gives way and
as a result of the _deposit of blood pigment_ in the tissues, and this
as a son, but felt that to her he was a stranger and a terrifying man.
as against the North growing with incredible swiftness in wealth and
as an object of observation, is subject to certain laws, and man
as an old friend, simply and cordially. The whole family, whom he
as before and obey her in everything.
as being the center of our position and where rows of fragrant
as bring out the movements of the vertebral column and hip-joints.
as dear as one's own mother!" said he. "Well, and have you little
as designed and established by the framers of the Constitution and the
as generals, imperial aides-de-camp, diplomatic officials, and a large
as gout or rheumatism, must be counteracted, and indigestion, oxaluria,
as he began to watch the produce markets of New York and Philadelphia
as he did, as much as possible by signs, and her tongue too seemed
as he had been and his health was poor (the old man laid special
as he looked her way. Sonya was afraid to leave Natasha and afraid
as he often did, and was glad when he heard someone coming.
as he unwrapped and offered Pierre some baked potatoes. "We had soup
as he was in mufti and had come to Tilsit without permission to do so,
as he was uncomfortable and in great pain. The doctor and valet lifted
as he went along, and the appearance of the troops in their disorderly
as his mental faculties were greater and more resourceful, Nicholas
as if bridled, her legs were bound together, and Daniel rolled her
as if everything she said and everything the others said was very
as if he had come out of a Russian bath--in a short coat and with
as if in search of somebody and answered all her questions in
as if something was being torn inside her and she were dying. But
as if, without speaking of it, they knew how capitally Nicholas and
as in our own day. Washington thanked them for their labors and paid
as is always the case in an artillery company, a head and shoulders
as it rose and fell.
as long as Russia can and as long as there are men able to stand...
as monsters and outlaws; he demanded that they be reduced to order by
as not to be under any active and protecting branch of the central
as nothing compared with her awe and devotion to God. When they prayed
as part of a whole of which he was always conscious. His words and
as presented to him in the form of his love for Natasha, and a last,
as primary suture, and for its success asepsis is essential. As the
as rapidly as possible. They had held commerce in low esteem and looked
as rise of temperature, associated circulatory and respiratory
as she more and more clearly distinguished his form and her
as she spoke she raised her eyes with a sigh, and her gesture conveyed
as states, not as colonies uncertain of their destinies. Connecticut and
as the Lake states and twice as much as the vast forests of Washington
as the cheek, tongue, and soft palate. The swelling is rounded or
as the day was mapped out, the prince rested and the princess played
as the knee, ankle, elbow, and wrist. The swelling, which is the first
as the minister at Paris when the Constitution was drafted and ratified.
as the others did till they all stopped and he stopped too. The only
as the periosteum has been separated, and the infected marrow is removed
as the pickets of the vanguard had done, and an adjutant of the
as the prince was not very well and was taking no steps to secure
as the result of the distension of lymph spaces and vessels
as the smoke and mist spread out over the whole space. Just as in
as their protector and defender, she did not answer him, but after
as there is no condition in which man can be happy and entirely
as they are liable to lower the vitality of the damaged tissues and lead
as they awaited their fate. The firing died down and soldiers, talking
as they embraced Cossacks and hussars.
as they emerge from under cover of the scalenus anterior, and are then
as they passed along the Sadovaya Street the carriages and carts
as thin as a skeleton, with a stern sallow face and eyes intently
as those in the axilla, neck, and groin. In any given situation they
as to implicate the surrounding tissues, and it is liable to give rise
as to the delegates seemed "most likely to affect their safety and
as to their causation, and beyond such obvious indications as to help
as to what had been burned down and what this or that part of the city
as to what he must do and how he should answer, Willarski only replied
as to where and when to move the guns, when to send infantry to
as to who had distinguished himself and were pleased with their
as waged in Europe and fitted for leadership as well as teaching.
as we sought alliances with the Germans and thrust ourselves into
as well as anybody," he said, and advanced with a single division.
as well as the Northern and Middle states chose this route; so it came
as will give ample protection and encouragement to the industries and
as young Bezukhov! Yes, I pity him from my heart, and shall try to
ascending hills, avoiding gardens and enclosures, going over new and
ascending the hill breathing heavily, and despite the general's
ascribe the glory of that achievement of genius to different men and
ashamed to do it, and suddenly everything vanished. And I awoke and
ashamed to. We were terribly absurd. I had a funny doll then and
aside and artisans had been given the ballot.
aside and turning sharply away; but rising immediately, he paced up
aside from the affairs of the Petersburg lodges, and lived almost
asked Boris to tell them about his journey to Glogau and in what state
asked Natasha, so seriously and excitedly that it was evident that
asked and answered at the same instant. He was alone in the middle
asked for reinforcements and all said that the Russians were holding
asked himself with a sinking heart--watching the bridge and the
asked himself. "I have it and he needs it. But someone else needs it
asked to be taken out and given some tea. The pain caused by his
asked unexpectedly, with a kindly and foolish smile.
asked what was the matter, he only uttered some incoherent oaths and
asked you to?" shouted Natasha, raising herself on the sofa and
asked you, and Vasili Dmitrich* is also going."
asking about her and looking at her. She realized that those
asking him something. Then they led him away somewhere, and at last he
asking what had happened, and expressed their readiness to punish
asleep at once. Natasha and Nicholas were silent. Their faces
asleep could be heard. Others turned over and warmed themselves, now
asleep, and at the very instant he died, having made an effort, he
asleep, took up a paper and in a loud, monotonous voice began to
aspect of the prepuce, and in the fold between the prepuce and the
aspect, which is unaltered. Ultimately the dead bone becomes loose and
aspirations, hopes, and thoughts? Who was doing this? And Pierre
assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.
assembled in Chicago, however, the opposition disappeared and Roosevelt
assemblies at the palace of the Tsars, at which Russian notables and
assemblies for adoption, and to hear memorials and petitions from the
assented and had given orders that news should be brought to him of
assiduous and modest mien, and stooping over the outspread map
assigned to him. After inspecting the carriage himself and seeing
assistance, "as it is in favor of British liberty ... and as it is in
assistant and Petya--whom she had drawn into the business of
associate with her and avail themselves of her suppers, soirees, and
associated with a carious tooth--the sinus should be excised and the raw
associated with pyrexia and great pain in the joint. The part is hot and
associated with those less deep, and the clinical picture is made up of
association of nations must be formed to guard the peace and protect all
assume a pose en quarte or en tierce according to all the rules, and
assumed a more solemn and important air than formerly. He was so
assumed had left her kindly and tearworn face and it now expressed
assumed its habitual calm and firm appearance.
assumes a _throbbing_ character, and as the pus reaches the surface, or
assumes the form of multiple linear ulcers or fissures, and as each of
assumption, and funding, Hamilton had a firm conviction. That millions
assure himself that nothing particularly had happened; and he was only
assured him that nothing had happened and asked him not to worry.
assured with all his being that the terrible blow into which he and
astonish people, to perform some patriotically heroic feat; and like a
astonished as if it were something extraordinary and unexpected, and
astonished him, but they also flattered him, and he submitted to them.
astonishment of the footmen, coachmen, and ferrymen, still stood on
astronomy, physics, chemistry, botany, zoology, and so on, just in the
at Balashev's uniform and sword.
at Bald Hills, so near the theater of war and on the army's direct
at Bogucharovo and did not wish to leave it--coming toward her with
at Fili was impossible, but imbued with Russian patriotism and the
at Harvard and in Europe. Like his illustrious father, John Adams, he
at Laguna and Roosevelt are the result. Then the people, organizing
at Markov, probably expecting Markov to pick it up for him, and how
at Natasha, and as if anxious to conciliate her, replying to her
at New London and New Haven about 1658; in Litchfield county,
at Tula, and especially the advantages of drawing nearer to its
at Valuevo with Colonel Fabvier, the former from Paris and the
at Washington that "the state of Connecticut is a free, sovereign, and
at a gallop and as if by agreement all said the same thing. They all
at a good dinner he brought the opposing leaders together; and thus once
at a table as if tying the cover of the small box, and assumed his
at a walk to the right and sent an adjutant to the dragoons with
at all like a girl in love and parted from her affianced husband.
at all. The cause of this is my egotism. I set myself above him and so
at an early stage, and is not evident on examination, a wide area must
at an opinion as to the cause of a given ulcer, and placed it in one or
at first for the most part savage and brutal. One motive only they all
at first; but they studied it and mastered it by magnificent irrigation
at five times the cost. In the years between 1868 and 1873, the debt of
at her and at the crack in the pantry door, and it seemed to her
at her and now at Pierre, that she was gradually reassured.
at her and pitying her. Strong as was her inward grief, this wound
at her seemed to Princess Mary, and sorry as she was to see her
at him and Helene. "Well, what of it, if you all know it?" thought
at him, and her eyes met his beaming at her. She set herself a task on
at him, still holding him in my arms, and saw that his face was young,
at his capacity for work and study. And if Pierre was often struck
at his dressing gown and smiled slightly, as if expressing
at his feet and beseech him. He will lift me up, will listen, and will
at home again. He felt that he had grown up and matured very much. His
at irregular intervals, and grapeshot cracked and rattled onto the
at it was fear of someone or something which drove him from America. As to what it was he feared, we can only deduce that by considering the formidable letters which were received by himself and his successors. Did you remark the postmarks of those letters?"
at it, and zere's an end of it! And how do you, a young man and a
at least get dry there, and Mary Hendrikhovna's there."
at lessons, was always breaking things in the house and making himself
at once his voice and the expression of his face changed. It was no
at once what he wanted, moved about and whispered as they passed
at one another, both smiling with self-satisfaction, and each mentally
at peace and settled. I know that no better man than he exists, and
at slave markets. She tried to view the country impartially and the
at someone unseen. "Mr. Pitt, as a traitor to the nation and to the
at that time, a very high ruffle, and a brown dress coat. This stout
at the Razumovski's ball... and Countess Apraksina... I was so
at the altar with her. How and when this would be he did not know,
at the attachment of the capsular and other ligaments; these are only
at the dead eyes, and hastened to close them. She closed them but
at the door Prince Andrew and the figure of the old man in a white
at the door," and Natasha ran across the drawing room to the dancing
at the door. The princess looked round and saw Natasha coming in,
at the entrance. The prince was working at the lathe and after
at the expense of the powers and dignity of the states. They were all of
at the fleches. The smoke spread out before them, and at times it
at the foot of the hill, jostled and overtook one another, waving
at the full stop. "I hope you will find him sympathetic and ready to
at the gypsies', and more than one thousand rubles of their money
at the movements of Napoleon's stout legs and trying to avoid
at the porch. Carriages kept driving away and fresh ones arriving,
at the termination of the small saphenous vein, and several deeper ones
at the tipsy guests who were again crowding round the window, and
at the will of Him who governs men and worlds continued.
at them and hack them to pieces, their proximity now seemed so awful
at them and hear them?" exclaimed Prince Andrew in a shrill,
at this and went to fight the French once more. And they defeated
at this last ball only the ecossaise, the anglaise, and the mazurka,
at this table, chose and placed cards, and watched those broad-boned
at what had happened and at the way her brother had taken the news
at what was going on in Russia without despair and without dismally
at which they were present, and went to Iogel's balls for young people
atheistical, anarchical, and in other respects immoral principles of the
atmosphere characteristic of homes where there are very young and very
atmosphere that the eyes smart, when the lungs are strengthened and
atmosphere, to be unable to stir, and to await something unknown,
atrophied more rapidly than is accounted for by disuse alone, and this
atrophy and degeneration on the one hand and overgrowth on the other,
atrophy, tendons become adherent to their sheaths and may be ossified,
attached to the upper jaw, and connected by a duct with poison-secreting
attachment to adjacent aponeurosis or bone. The biceps in the arm, and
attachments and friendships? He is a man who has been more than a
attack the walls of the adjacent veins and spread into their interior at
attacked. In Ohio and Indiana, for example, the frontier line of
attacking Dron--"and so they took my Vanka to be shaved for a soldier!
attacking at Vyazma and Tarutino.
attacking, and in smaller groups in retreat, unconsciously confirms
attacks may show a remarkable periodicity, and each may be followed by
attempt and by vainly awaiting the infantry columns that still did not
attempt made by nature to arrest or to limit its injurious effects, and
attempted a similar experiment, laying out the fields in common and
attempting to abduct the arm, and there may be localised tenderness in
attempting to escape from his kingdom, only to be captured and taken
attend, and asking them all to be seated began:
attended by the formation of vascular and porous bone on the surface,
attended the inauguration of Van Buren and then retired, amid the
attended with a brown or black discoloration of the vomit and of the
attended with an audible crack; and the procedure is often followed by
attended with considerable risk and is not to be recommended.
attended with effusion into the joint and the formation of adhesions,
attended with fever (101 o F.), headache, and malaise, and considerable
attended with great pain, which is increased on moving the arm, and
attended with marked restriction of movement and sometimes by "locking"
attended with the formation of fibrous tissue, and, in the case of bone,
attended with ulceration and discharge. In the skull it may project
attention and evidently submitting to him involuntarily.
attention devoted to her by so many clever men and expressed in such
attention of So-and-so, but she did not even see the Emperor, and only
attention to measures of taxation and trade. Since the heavy debt under
attention to the stomach, bowels, and kidneys and with the correction
attention, and his face wore a strained look as if he found it
attention, made a gesture of refusal with his head and hand and by
attentively and scrutinizingly at her. She asked herself in
attentively with eyebrows raised and arms folded on his stomach. On
attitude by means of his broadsheets and posters, written in a
attitude in Moscow and instead of his opponent's rapier saw a cudgel
attitude which relaxes the muscle, and the position is maintained by
attracted by social activity and puffed up by pride. On this ground
attraction or repulsion and that that law is untrue, but man, who is
attractions of her arms, shoulders, feet, and hair and expressed his
attractive to a soldier after camp life. Despite his rapid journey and
attribute the pain and stiffness to exposure to cold or rheumatism. At
attributed to any one man, that no one ever foresaw it, and that in
audacity and self-confidence secure him military fame. Innumerable
audacity. Dolokhov, who needed Anatole Kuragin's name, position, and
audible. The melody grew and passed from one instrument to another.
aunt's efforts to dissuade her--and not merely to go herself but to
aunt," or "You do not know my aunt?" and very gravely conducted him or
auricular and occipital glands are first involved, the spread is to
authorities involving an infringement of personal and property rights
authority could not be less than our responsibility, and wherever
authority of the United States and of the states were closed to every
authority, by guile, and by entreaty, from useless attacks, maneuvers,
authority, his crimes and his craft exposed, he should have appeared
authorized by law, including debts incurred for payment of pensions and
authorizing the President to employ armed force in securing peace and
authorizing the purchase of more territory and so he drafted an
auto-intoxication from the intestinal tract, saline purges and
autoplastic grafts, and these are therefore preferred whenever possible.
autumn and found all sorts of reasons for this decision. A whole
autumn of 1806, was set down with skill and pains in the journal of
autumn, the hunting, "Uncle," and the Christmas holidays spent with
available, is the use of the _antivenin_ introduced by Fraser and
avenue to freedom and prosperity. Some of the best citizens of America
avoid being crushed and resolutely stuck out his elbows in a
avoid the axillary vessels and nerves. If the pus spreads on to the
aw a shadow pass backward and forward against the little slit of dim light which shone out from under the door. A mad, unreasoning terror rose up in me at the sight, Mr. Holmes. My overstrung nerves failed me suddenly, and I turned and ran--ran as though some dreadful hand were behind me clutching at the skirt of my dress. I rushed down the passage, through the door, and straight into the arms of Mr. Rucastle, who was waiting outside.
awaited him, went with hurried steps and bent head, not knowing
awaited the order to start. The sick soldier, Sokolov, pale and thin
awaiting Berg's move, and watched his opponent's face, evidently
awaiting peaceful encampment, and not within sight of the enemy before
awakening from a dream and lifted his head.
awakening!" And all at once it grew light in his soul and the veil
awarded. The paper arrived and they began to look for the old man.
away again, she rose frowning, and clasping her hands behind her paced
away and carry her off to the ends of the earth.
away and gazed into the darkness. A prisoner, the Russian soldier
away and pranced up and down in one place like a goat and shrieked
away and replaces the bone in contact with it. The subsequent
away and that he himself was killed, but he quickly roused himself
away and waited impatiently for Prince Andrew's return from the
away by the process of research and can therefore regard the event
away for private benefit street railway and other franchises. It was
away from the inquisitive man, and looked around him.
away in front of them, and that the columns moving near Pratzen
away in the prevailing silence. Some minutes passed. A second and a
away saw Anatole embracing the Frenchwoman and whispering something to
away the Indians and the cattle rangers. The first was the policy of the
away the capsule along with the tumour, and the patient should be kept
away the maiden who had been in white and was now in light blue.
away the men advancing on him, and snatching his cap from his head
away the raised epidermis, and if necessary the nail, the pus is allowed
away to his estates. His new brethren gave him letters to the Kiev and
away with a spoon, and the cavity is disinfected.
away, and the curtain dropped. Once more there was a terrible noise
away, and the women in the house began to wail.
away, and thirty get there. The rest either starve or get killed. So
away, but the official who had questioned him opened the door, and
away, get away!" and then, turning to the soldiers, shouted:
away, walked to the wattle fence, and seized hold of it.
away--caries. When there is an absence of caseation and suppuration, the
away. Involuntarily recalling his wife's past and her relations with
away. Then he remained silent for a while, and all at once looked
away. Two dragoons took it by its distorted legs and dragged it
away; and all at once she felt cheerful. "What's the good of making so
awkward to attract everyone's attention and to be considered a lucky
awkwardly, like a man suffering from the quinsy, and, still slightly
awkwardness and constraint was evident, as if they were ashamed of not
awkwardness, covered by a mask of unconcern and ridicule of
axilla for cancer; or in contusion and compression of a nerve--for
axis cylinders by the dead and dying tissues around them. This pain soon
baby in her arms and her kerchief torn from her head, burst through
bacillus alone or along with pyogenic organisms, and run their course
bacillus and the marrow interact upon one another. The granulation
bacillus coli communis and has a faecal odour.
bacillus pyocyaneus, which is found in green and blue pus, the
bacillus, and the tubercle bacillus. Most of these will receive further
back (there were not many of them), and at last he saw how a whole
back again more comfortably. Pierre did not take his eyes from him and
back and limbs, loss of appetite, nausea, and frequently there is
back and presenting his fat shoulders.
back and sometimes forward, and the cavalry dashed without orders in
back as if by that gesture he meant to rebuke everybody, and, with
back her ears and tried to rise, but the borzois stuck to her.
back his troops in their anxiety to overwhelm and cut off the enemy
back or limbs; by the enlargement and bending of such bones as the tibia
back to Mozhaysk from the one army and back to Valuevo from the other.
back to his trap muttering something to himself as he went, and took
back upon them. Normally the valves in the femoral and iliac veins and
back, and called Berthier.
back, and his musket resting on the ground, still stood near the pit
back--to lock it was no longer possible--but his efforts were weak and
back. Rostov looked at the young soldier and a cold chill ran down his
back. That part of the line was not entrenched and in front of it
back. _Hysteria and catalepsy_ may assume characters resembling those
background of green treetops and bluish gorges. The turrets of a
backward and medially against the transverse process (carotid tubercle)
bacteria and toxins, allow the tissues once more to assert themselves,
bacteria, and if these gain access, the gangrene assumes the characters
bacteria, and that from the surgical point of view they should be
bacteria, and the great majority of spores. Steam applied in an
bacteria, by cleansing crushed or bruised parts, and applying sterilised
bactericidal agents in the tissues and fluids.
bad health, and now this vexation about his son is enough to kill
badly of anyone: I love and pity everybody. But what am I to do?"
badly, and began translating for him, hardly able to keep pace with
badly--all this debauchery, dissipation, and the rest of it!"
badly. And they had such and such favorites and such and such
badly. He baked, cooked, sewed, planed, and mended boots. He was
badly. His descendants were weak men and they too ruled France
baggage train should orders come for it to move, and to talk to no one
baggage trains before and behind them. To the right, where the
balalayka ceased. Mitka tuned up afresh, and recommenced thrumming the
balalayka to the air of My Lady, with trills and variations. "Uncle"
balcony. The talking instantly ceased, hats and caps were doffed,
bald seventy-year-old magnates, uniformed and besashed almost all of
ball killed someone behind them, another fell in front and splashed
ball stopped him. He turned his horse and galloped off.
ball was flying toward him with a terrific whizz, and then he
ball, and his sudden rush of passionate love of life. Two steps from
ball, flying close to him, caused him to duck and bend over his horse.
ballots the person voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the
ballroom in Bezukhov's house, and the ball, as everyone said, was a
balls. The two pretty young Princesses Gorchakov met suitors there and
banged against the wall, and the second of the three sisters rushed
bank, and broke it up. In this action for the first time trophies were
bankrupt shopkeepers, outlawed smugglers, etc." The people and their
banks founded on the credit of government bonds and empowered to issue
banks were required and certain other banks permitted to become members
banners flying, formed up at intervals, and wheeled round other
banter him. And Tikhon, purposely writhing and making faces, pretended
bare arm and went on talking incessantly, attracting general attention
bared heads walked, ran, and bowed to the ground.
bared, and everyone rushed forward in one direction. Petya was being
barely time to remove his own family and valuables from his estate.
bargained, charging twenty-five rubles for a two hours' drive, and
barges on the Moskva River and the timber yards by the Dorogomilov
barley; and the organism has been found adhering to particles of grain
barn and sent word that they would not let her leave the village: that
barn, flushed, sunburned, and perspiring, with a smell of wormwood and
barn. The log walls of the barn and its snow-covered roof, that looked
barrier of modesty she had always felt between herself and other
barriers, and the pistols loaded, Nesvitski went up to Pierre.
base of power, knowing full well that both France and England, already
base, especially at their points of exit, and this gives rise to
based on his trickery and deception of the people. So the historians
baseness or folly, he was not horrified as formerly, and did not ask
baseness, folly, and cruelty. He thought of his wife. "They are all
baser impulses, especially those prompted by vanity and pettiness.
basin of North America." The produce of the West and the manufactures of
basis for classification; and yet many of the terms are so descriptive
bass, deep as a proto-deacon's and hoarse with hallooing--and two
bast mats, and was speaking to a pale young officer who lay inside.
bast, and his round face seemed rounder and pleasanter than ever.
bath." This is due to spasm of the diaphragm, and is frequently
battalion of the Preobrazhensk regiment stood on the right and a
battalion, how many battalions, and how many prisoners. Asking about
batteries firing at the Augesd Dam and was looking at the killed and
battery and the heroic endurance of Captain Tushin and his company,"
battery, and after speaking to the colonel gave Pierre an angry look
battery, those who had given him food, and those who had prayed before
battle and checking the enemy's advance, and by this effort to unite
battle and the victory that would certainly result from it--no
battle and, in spite of the remonstrances of his courtiers, at
battle by highfalutin words, and Germans by logical arguments to
battle fields as far apart as Marston Moor and Chateau-Thierry. That
battle in the Mexican War, in public office, and as a member of
battle is a highly technical, and usually a highly controversial, matter
battle of Borodino were written at leisure, that the incorrect and
battle of Borodino, and if this or that other arrangement depended
battle that has been lost, and the very worst dispositions and
battle with a nation already industrial and fortified by property worth
battle, and feeling reassured he dozed off.... The dark starry night
battle, and that word infected the whole crowd with a feeling of
battle, and though still holding their positions they had lost ONE
battle, and we did lose it. And we said so because we had nothing to
battle, and while we were looking for the French--having lost touch
battle--and an address at Gettysburg, both of which will live as long as
battlefield and returned to the Shevardino knoll, where he sat on
battlefield, believed that the French had been defeated and were
battleships and six light cruisers, with certain small vessels but no
battleships, already coaled and cleared, would sail for Venezuelan
bayonet charge with two battalions and had broken up the French
bayonets moved and halted at the officers' command, turned with
be Dolokhov's second, and after dinner he discussed the arrangements
be a large sac occupying the venter ilii, and a smaller one in the
be a mile and a half away, but had suddenly and unexpectedly
be a nice set of fellows if we were to wait about and so give him a
be able to solve so delicate a question, and then I have noticed
be able to walk with a little support, and although the hamstrings are
be accepted. He was told that it would not, and without waiting for
be affected after an interval, and in some cases it is bilateral from
be an appearance of this from wasting of the muscles above and below. If
be applied over several layers of gauze or lint to protect the skin, and
be applied. Later, ichthyol-glycerin, or glycerin and belladonna, may be
be better to shoot such rabble," and burst into loud laughter, so
be borne from the political arena forever. Clay and Webster had but two
be broken off... and then you know, Andre..." (she looked
be brought into actual contact with the leaking point in the vessel, and
be brought to him, Ramballe was told to go. He rose and tried to walk,
be captured or killed, and he announced to his household that he would
be complete in six or eight weeks. If the extravasation is great and the
be denied that he was a painstaking and brave officer, on excellent
be denied. President Roosevelt acted with characteristic speed, and
be divided and injected into different parts of the body, not more than
be divided within the skull, and the foramen rotundum and foramen ovale
be done to the inhabitants, and if they remained they would be paid
be dried, and at once began helping the officers to fix up the
be due to an excessive output and rapid formation of leucocytes by the
be elicited in ascites and in other abdominal cysts. Pressure of the
be employed in a similar manner. When these and other non-operative
be filled with a flap of bone and periosteum raised from the vicinity,
be filled! And it is all so simple, pale, and crude in the cold
be formed on comparatively slight stimulus, and disappear when the
be free.' Isn't that lovely and noble! Yes, very noble? Isn't it?"
be here in a minute..." voices were suddenly heard saying; and
be impaired, and the other continuing its normal growth becomes
be it but an hour.... Tell me all you know about the will, and above
be killed?... You may go and kill whom you please, but I don't want to
be kissed. Her father in jest tried to rouse her jealousy, and she
be laid open, scraped, and packed with bismuth or iodoform gauze until
be left behind and the goods carted away but that had seemed the
be mindful of his uprightness and meekness, reward him according to
be named by the royal governor, and that town meetings (except to elect
be observed. The infant cries when the part is touched; and as it does
be of a special shape the prince had himself designed, and a leather
be overlooked. The limb should be put up with the knee flexed and the
be present. The pulse becomes feeble and rapid, the respiratory nerve
be pressed directly against a bone, and where there is no risk of
be quite a small reception, and just see how badly I am dressed."
be reckoned with; and it was not until after the establishment of the
be removed from the bottle with aseptic forceps and passed direct to the
be removed in from twenty-four to forty-eight hours, and where it is
be repeated on many occasions at different points up and down the nerve.
be revoked and government by direct royal authority was to be enlarged.
be seen were tattered and frightened people who tried to hide when
be so preoccupied with thoughts and anxieties as to be oblivious of
be such inconsistency and perfidiousness in his conduct! It is but the
be that all this has happened so quickly and has destroyed all that
be the adorer and courtier of anyone but himself, Napoleon. "Are the
be wise and America be free"--the first Continental Congress adjourned
be worth! It is not to be! Everywhere, at cards and in war, I am
be, and she went in. The sobs rose higher and higher in her throat
be, and which is chiefly applicable in abscesses of moderate size, is by
be, even war would be cheaply purchased if, in a great and noble cause,
be," he added, and looked up Pierre who was just approaching them.
be. After a few days they grew accustomed to him, and without
bear the sight of tears and was ready to cry himself.
bear to the growth of America's commercial and financial power?
bearers and the shuffling of their feet grew more hurried, as if the
bears fruit, and he who plays a part in an historic event never
beaten and that the whole army had surrendered at Ulm proved to be
beaten at Harlem Heights and White Plains. These reverses were almost
beating and pulling her about so!"
beautiful Princess Helene, Prince Vasili's daughter, and the little
beautiful head and looking over her classically molded shoulder as she
beautiful representation of a maiden in transparent garments and
beautiful words and sentiments of various generals, and not the
beautiful, and majestic city; and a strange and majestic moment! In
beautiful, and that that was why they all looked so at him, and
beautiful, expressionless face. Amid the scattered property and the
beauty and her remarkable skill in appearing silently dignified in
beauty and love. And if anyone came into his room at such moments he
beauty and social tact," thought he; "been proud of my house, in
beauty to him and from that time till they came to Moscow had not left
beauty, and truth--that this character--though not lacking in virtue
beauty. The Emperor noticed her and honored her with a dance.
became more and more a physical and also a moral necessity. Though the
became possible, inevitable, and very near.
became silent. Kutuzov slightly shook his head and not taking his
became the party of provincialism and nullification. New England,
became, the more serious and stern grew Sonya's.
because he still had no news from Dolokhov and the man sent to capture
because he was reputed to be clever and very well read, and secondly
because he would not and not because he could not. In the middle of
because he's Russian, despite the novel by Genlis and the French
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
because of the number and deep situation of the glands to be removed,
because of the sclerosis and surrounding endarteritis, is exceedingly
because the saddle girths were too slack, reproved him, and mounted.
because the state could not fix the rates for transporting goods and
because they satisfied a mental need of the invalid and of those who
because vaso-motor and trophic fibres are involved as well as those that
become an independent farmer. People from the cities and immigrants from
become clear to all what could be ventured against the French and what
become confluent and form abscess cavities. When metastasis takes place,
become emphysematous and crepitant and produce an offensive odour. The
become enlarged and slightly tender. The hair comes out, eruptions
become fissured and superficially ulcerated, and the discharge then
become fixed and matted together, forming lobulated or nodular masses
become habitual to him and, his handsome head held high, entered his
become her grave. This couch was high, with a feather bed and five
become hollow and are filled with blood from the vessels that gave them
become injected and porous, and the bones, as a whole, are thickened. In
become much "simpler." Terenty, when he had helped him undress and
become obliterated, and the skin and subcutaneous cellular tissue, being
become oedematous and emphysematous, and acquire a marbled appearance
become of a greyish-white colour, and ultimately blend with one another
become soft and flaccid, exhibit tremors on attempted movement, and
become stiff and deformed. Bony ankylosis has been observed.
become swollen and extremely sensitive, so that the sufferer lies in bed
become swollen and oedematous, and assume a bluish-red hue, but they
becomes a prominent feature, the prepuce is oedematous and inflamed, and
becomes abundant and may crust on the surface, forming yellow scabs. At
becomes cold and powerless. The pulsation seldom returns within five or
becomes completely kind and good and does not believe in the
becomes dark and leathery. On account of the anaesthetic action of
becomes diffusely thickened and infiltrated with granulation tissue
becomes discoloured and swollen, and finally contracts and shrivels.
becomes dried, and so forms an unfavourable medium for bacterial growth.
becomes dry, horny, shrivelled, and semi-transparent--at first of a dark
becomes infiltrated and swollen, and the skin ultimately gives way and
becomes opaque, yellow, and caseous, with a tendency to soften and
becomes pale and sick, and a free flow of saliva takes place into the
becomes pale, thin, and watery, and shows less and less tendency to
becomes rapidly and markedly emaciated, even although in some cases the
becomes restricted, and crackings occur. This stage of the disease may
becomes smaller and less tense, and it may be still further reduced in
becomes swollen and gelatinous, constituting a layer of considerable
becomes white and bleached-looking, feels icy cold, and is insensitive
becoming firmer and less compressible, and, in the mixed variety, by the
becoming papular and increasing to the size of a pea, desquamation takes
becoming, like her, full of life and health. All who talked to her,
bed both Prince Vasili and the princess passed out by a back door, but
bed had been made up there, and some open portmanteaus and trunks
bed that had been got ready for him, glancing now and then at the
bed, and long after her candle was out lay open-eyed and motionless,
bed, gloomily frowning and smoking a pipe, and little one-armed Tushin
bed, to diminish the general tissue waste; and the diet should be
bedside, so that we may determine how far, and in what particulars,
been a militiaman and having had rather too much at the pub--heard
been a successful engagement. The men and officers returning spoke
been about? Eh? The peasants are rioting, and you can't manage them?
been absentees, and its peasants were of quite a different character
been accomplished without all the preceding wars and without the
been and always shall be independent; but to go against his will and
been approved in the great states of Massachusetts, Virginia, and New
been attacked by French cavalry and that, though the attack had been
been attained without the Revolution and without the Empire. If the
been begun, those who were hitting, throttling, and tearing at
been bought on time and a very large proportion of them are mortgaged
been carted away. The hay and the spring corn, of which Alpatych
been cleansed and thoroughly dried, it is sponged or painted with the
been comforted and would have said that word to me." And Princess Mary
been described as occurring in the medulla of the tibia or ulna, and
been destroyed by the Cossacks and the peasants, who killed them off
been equally clear to Kutuzov that by accepting battle and risking the
been executed before he gave them or could not be and were not
been first in white and then in light blue, now wore only a smock, and
been flattered by his notice, and here too at the governor's party
been for him to meet ladies at dinners and balls in Petersburg.
been for some days in Moscow and was staying as usual at his
been for the salvation and glory of Russia.
been formerly to be with Pierre, and came to see him every day. To
been formulated, and that Alexander had acted on it. What would then
been gay, gentle, and more affectionate than Princess Mary had known
been given for everyone to go armed to the Three Hills tomorrow, and
been in a battle near Vyazma and how a certain hussar had
been in the middle of the line that had seemed so terrible--and now he
been in the regiment next to no time, my lad, you're here today and
been inactive, without food, in constant fear of death, and their pale
been interesting and that he had much to tell them but dare not say it
been issued by the Austrian commissariat, and the regiment had marched
been killed, and though he sent an official to Austria to seek for
been killed; only a little drummer boy had been taken alive, and as he
been leaning, and--with air which intimated that he knew what he was
been left in the shops, and generals flocked there to select
been lent to farmers, the heaviest borrowing being in nine Western and
been living on his estate at Elets and hearing of his rescue and
been long and sharp. The Americans chafed at restrictions on
been made a gentleman of the bedchamber, and from that time he had
been misleading us all the week and now that he's brought us to this
been particularly revived and strengthened by his late tour. He
been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and
been pushing it. Loud, coarse laughter and joyous shouts ensued.
been put there, and two musket shots rang out from under the gate as
been quartered, and had marched all the way, with Berg who was already
been received, exaggerated reports became current about them and about
been saying, and sat plunged in thought. Five minutes later, gently
been scorned. We have entreated and our entreaties have been
been senseless and its attainment quite impossible.
been so frightened that she woke Sonya and told her what she had done.
been so happy. Laughter and singing in particular seemed to her like a
been spiteful toward him and evidently unfriendly now became gentle
been studied, and we have learned that it takes place by the formation
been taken out of the cases, they recommenced packing, and it turned
been talking to the priests, rose and offered him her seat; an
been telling us such a tale about Mademoiselle George and Buonaparte!"
been to see Bennigsen a few days previously and had entreated him to
been to see Princess Mary the day before and had there met--"Whom do
been very unwell the day before and that they had sent for the doctor,
been written was only one intermediate stage in its destruction, and
been, with what object, and so on.
bees sitting back to back and guarding the high mystery of generation,
before I am off duty. I'll take another turn and when I get back
before Thy servants' feet and be laid low by our hosts! Lord, Thou art
before a table on a corner of which he smilingly and absent-mindedly
before and around him. An infantryman came to the fire, squatted on
before and the path to the hothouse, along which the prince was in the
before and was less frequently at home.
before commencing the treatment, to test his urine and record his
before commissions of arbitration for decision and settlement. President
before could be, and without solving this problem, or at all
before he died?" thought Pierre. He recalled Karataev and his death
before he heard them shout, "Hurrah!" and looking back saw that
before her eyes, began singing again, and again began walking up and
before him and smiled quietly.
before him, and he looked at the fallow field, the bushes, and the
before him. The pain in his arm became more and more intense.
before his death, and that she would not be able to bear it and
before his eyes and only meaningless ruins remained, and this not by
before secession and equal in number to one-tenth the votes cast in
before she had finished speaking to him, and now he continued to speak
before the glass, smiled, and walked toward the other door. Natasha
before the icons and there was a pleasant scent of flowers and burnt
before the operation commences, and again after it is completed. The
before the patient leaves his bed in the morning, and should only be
before the sleigh stopped, and ran into the hall. The house stood cold
before the soup. Countess Mary well knew that mood of his, and when
before the usual term and has proposed to me to be your sponsor. I
before the wind, and may Thy mighty Angel confound them and put them
before the wind. It was growing lighter and lighter. That curly
before them glittering like diamonds and dappled with bluish
before them, all stood with wide open eyes and mouths, straining
before thought and which had formerly seemed to her so far away and
before, Pierre moved farther away and did not think about him.
before, and among them at the Rostovs' with whom he had renewed
before, and would dispute and shout at the council, beating his breast
before, for now all was thick, shady, and dense, and the young firs
before. Around him everyone began to stir: steps were audible and
before. As soon as I saw him I felt he was my master and I his
before. Ilyin tried to imitate Rostov in everything and adored him
before. The peasant drivers, shouting and lashing their horses, kept
before. They went through the muddy village, past threshing floors and
before.' Why, Mr. President, that one phrase conveys to a free man and a
beg you not to indulge in trifles now, but to help to pack, and
began a ceremonial march past him, and Rostov on Bedouin, recently
began arranging the chairs and taking their seats. Anatole moved a
began clapping and shouting with all their might, and the man
began clapping and shouting, while the man and woman on the stage--who
began developing his views with more and more warmth. It was long
began dressing her with perfect sincerity, and with the naive and firm
began hugging and kissing him. Another and yet another creature of the
began looking at the faces, some strange and some familiar, in the
began pacing up and down in front of the shed.
began reading his paper and specially drew Rostov's attention to the
began the rescript again and again, but as soon as he uttered 'Sergey'
began to change into a kindly and bantering sympathy, such as soldiers
began to converse sensibly and quietly with one another.
began to demonstrate the defects of the latter and the merits of his
began to disperse. It was already late, and Petya had not eaten
began to fail him, and looking about him, conscious of having said
began to halt; murmurs were heard, there was a sense of confusion, and
began to improve and she no longer aroused in him the former feeling
began to prepare for their night's rest. They all appeared angry and
began to rise, and stillness reigned over the village and the house.
began to try to invent a name and to say something about his reason
began walking up and down the room, not stepping simply on the
began, and without replying to Sonya's words of comfort she got into
began, had an opposite effect: the longer it continued and the greater
began; and we are told of many geniuses and heroes of that period of
begin to assure themselves that they had desired this movement and
beginning and can have no end.
beginning of security. A new horizon and new labors were opening
beginning provincial in their concern and outlook. Their attachment to
beginning to feel for the pretty and provocative Mademoiselle
beginning to form themselves, some approaching achievement, and some
beginning to pace up and down the room. "I always thought it....
beginning to stir in the French camp, and his keen-sighted adjutant
beginning, and he had to remain with his regiment. And since it had to
beginnings in colonial times. Manufacturing and trade soon gave rise to
beginnings of modern Europe. Of this great sweep of races and empires
begins to creak and joins in the common motion the result and aim of
begins to heave and the ship to move, such a delusion is no longer
begun talking, and the more he talked the less could he control his
begun to feel oppressed and ashamed in court society, and dark
begun to think of the last station and was still pondering on the same
begun, and in two twists of the hand he breaks them to smithereens and
behaved with a particularly dignified and sad deference. This shade of
behind a corner of the shed and approached Pierre with a friendly
behind her ears just as carefully, and when she entered her drawing
behind her. Rostov and Ilyin, on entering the room, were welcomed with
behind that screen Rostov and Ilyin, helped by Lavrushka who had
behind the door I heard how he lay down on his bed groaning and loudly
behind the oven. He sat, sunk deep in a folding armchair, and
being a combination of thickened yellow patches of skin and projecting
being a liberal. The party of the old and dissatisfied, who censured
being alive and wishing to live--nor you either."
being broken up into droplets and absorbed, while the axis cylinders
being driven into the bone. It is worst at night, preventing sleep, and
being economical are used when there is much discharge, and in cases
being enticed away and depraved. One is lured by women, another by
being heard, and again something in his face twitched--"That is just
being held and the bells were ringing, Pierre got out of his vehicle
being laid up for many weeks, or even months; and we agree with the
being protruded and strangulated so that it becomes disconnected from
being pushed back in the sitting room where the count and Marya
being said to him and slipped behind the others.
being set up and preparations made for the dinner; he saw the
being taken and how far they would get that day. An official in felt
being the medium through which the virus is transmitted, and the seat of
being to remove the red corpuscles and fibrin of the original clot, and
being unable to flex the finger, and by the pain being increased when he
being washed with soap and water, is shaved, dehydrated by means of
being. Anisya Fedorovna flushed, and drawing her kerchief over her
beings: then they were artificial, now natural and sincere. At first
believe that Russia was really in danger and that the members of the
believe that he was entangled but becoming more and more so at every
believe, and felt a joyful sense of comfort, regeneration, and
believed it had been necessary to do this, and he received two
believed to be a metastasis from the throat; it may be acute and
believes that the pigmentation and overgrowth of the epidermis in moles
believing that Moscow would not be given up--and thereby ruined?"
bell is employed. The cup is applied for five minutes at a time and then
belong entirely to her and to the home, and the children whom she
belonged to the latter and no one else, while showing servile
belonging to members of the family, there were about a hundred and
belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall
below the bend of the elbow; there is pain and difficulty in effecting
below the opening, and divided between the ligatures.
below them, and then they fired grapeshot at them.
below, apply if you wish to copy and distribute this eBook
below, apply if you wish to copy and distribute this eBook
below. If the small saphena system also is involved, and if
belying Peronskaya's remarks about his rudeness, and approaching
benches, and fencing from the village.
bend under the weight of the body and other mechanical influences, with
bending forward and hardly able to restrain his jerky movements, and
bending over his saddlebow and hardly able to control his shying
bendings and thickenings of the bones. Large areas of the cranial vault
beneath and around, and the subcutaneous lesions are much wider than
beneath him as if it were breathing heavily and jolting. This happened
beneath it, and the nail is usually shed, a new one growing in its
benefactor and sovereign, I submit. Only I am sorry for the Emperor
beneficiary of a successful fraud"; and that it would be deeply
bent forward toward the old man with a forced and timid smile.
bent her head and continued in a whisper: "Has he performed his
bent under the weight of the body, by the traction of muscles, and by
beside Natasha, and heard for the first time the story of those last
beside Sonya while the china was being packed and tried to help, but
beside him, he touched his horse and rode down the side street.
beside himself and all aflame with excitement, he had flown like a
beside his wife and he looks a regular buffoon!"
beside the samovar. The children with their tutors and governesses had
beside them sounded quick ringing bells and they caught confused
beside them to farm and trade.
besides Pierre and himself was in the room, and addressed her in a
bespattered all over with mud and had smeared his face by wiping it
best families in Russia, but she was poor, and having long been out of
best they could, and continued their flight.
best way, because he wished to fulfill his duty and earn fame as a
best way, then, would be to purchase a waggon and team of horses to
betrays a consciousness of the impropriety of such silence and an
betrothed and tender and confiding affection for his sister. He
betrothed lightly and even cheerfully, now grew more agitated and
better luck in a newer country and pioneers from the far frontiers of
better not think of it--not till he comes back!" she told herself, and
better than conquest, and the slighter the wounds the quicker the
better than men, and in them the blood is more rapidly re-formed. A few
better than you; nobody could be! Had you not been there then, and now
better that day and Natasha was sitting with him. In the next room sat
better was Pierre pleased and the more evident was it that the
better. Everyone shall know me, love me, and be delighted with me!"
between Panama and the United States in which the latter secured the
between Spain and the United States alone.
between Utitsa, Semenovsk, and Borodino--a plain no more
between a State, or the citizens thereof, and foreign States, citizens,
between a legitimate sovereign and the criminal Bonaparte. Rostov
between adjacent incisions. The edges of the incisions are sutured; and
between and into muscles and other structures in their vicinity. They
between articulating surfaces (Figs. 154 and 155). It may follow upon
between capital and labor are avoided. The advantages of slavery in this
between her son and the portionless Sonya. Though she blamed herself
between him and the European market stood the merchant. His community
between himself and this man who was dimly gazing at him through tears
between his acts as a private person, as a general, and as an emperor.
between one man and another, pleased him and drew from him an amused
between operations, and by the anaesthetist during operations on the
between something infinitely great and illimitable within him and that
between the East and the West there was growing up a common interest in
between the North and South, leaders in the latter section often thought
between the campaign of 1892 and the next presidential election brought
between the divided ends of the vessel and in the cellular tissue
between the infection and the first manifestation of acute septicaemia.
between the intellectual activity of men and their historical
between the manufacturing East and the agrarian country to the West.
between the officers, came close to Denisov, and said:
between the old and the new conception of history, and theology in the
between the past and the future--that is, outside time, which is
between the prisoners and the French soldiers, in which Pierre had
between the rectum and sacrum, give rise to difficulty in diagnosis,
between the rete Malpighii and the stratum corneum of the skin, the
between the thought of the New World and the Old. In England, the
between the toes, and at the angles of the mouth, and in these
between the two camps became confused and said at Helene's what he
between the two richest heiresses, Julie and Princess Mary. Though
between traders and an Indian, a jug of whisky, a keg of gunpowder, the
between women was established between Princess Mary and Natasha.
bewilderment, bustle, and continual expectation of some good, always
beyond the Vistula, and not ordered his troops to advance, there would
beyond the river, and Zubova, and in the Kremlin.... Just look!
beyond the river, and the same stern and serious expression that
beyond the sea, so these men with their wives and children streamed to
beyond the village similar masses of cavalry came up and disappeared
beyond their ken, and they will at once perceive a unity and coherence
beyond those forests and fields, the bright, oscillating, limitless
beyond which the vessel and its tributaries are distended and tortuous.
bifurcation usually extends as far as the junction of the lower and
big as a filbert and a few even larger. Many are sessile and others are
bigger and heavier it grew. And suddenly Brother A. came and, taking
bilateral, and may assume the form of gummatous ulcers and sinuses. In
bilateral, and may be associated with lymph scrotum, with elephantiasis,
bill granting the new charter, and sent the open defiance to Jackson.
bill of 1875 which promised to them, among other things, the full and
billeted with Nesvitski and began to walk up and down before it.
bills of credit; make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in
birches, also wet, swayed in the wind and flung down bright drops of
birthday, Prince Volkonski was called out of the church and received a
births or of crimes is subject to mathematical laws, and that this
biscuits, fodder, and whatnot! The stores are empty, the roads
bismuth gauze, and treated by the open method.
bismuth or iodoform gauze and encouraged to heal from the bottom. As the
bit," said the old man, and showed Pierre a globe. This globe was
bitch (daughter of the first Milka), with a quite gray face and
bite, appears on the affected part, and is attended with itching. After
biting him, and then at his bare feet which he placed with pleasure in
bitter tone, "but you challenged me, and I have said, and always shall
bitterness and irony as though he was really saying that all desire
bitterness, despite the conciliatory and engaging manner in which
black clouds and now soaring up with glittering sparks, with here
black collar of his uniform, and he smelled of Eau de Cologne. His
black dress and weepers. She softly approached Princess Mary,
black eschar, composed of necrosed skin and subcutaneous tissue and
black eyebrows and the extraordinarily soft, bright color of her long,
black eyes looked at the crowd without seeking anyone, and her
black eyes, a Jesuit a robe courte* was presented to her, and in the
black lace walked--as women can walk--with the more repose and
black robber bees smeared with honey fly timidly and shiftily. They do
black--probably men--and at times the glint of bayonets. But whether
bladder and rectum, and on the sciatic and obturator nerves; sometimes
blame for everything, the colonel moved forward and ordered the second
blame for this incident on the government of Serbia and made humiliating
blame. If you think someone has wronged you, forget it and forgive! We
blamed for what had happened, he was said to be insanely jealous and
blamed," he said, "both for that war and the peace... but everything
blameless in regard to everyone, and that he, from above, saw her
blameworthy and good-for-nothing. When Kutuzov, conforming to a custom
blankets and furs for powder and whisky had passed farther on. The
blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty and two
bleed excessively. Transition forms between soft fibroma and sarcoma are
bleeders, and in unreduced dislocations in which a new joint has been
bleeding that is delayed in its onset and is due to pyogenic infection
bleeds when cut into, and is permeated by new nerve fibres spreading in
blend--and they laughed with quiet enjoyment.
blended powers of earth and heaven. It is a birthright. It belongs, as
blessing on Thy humble people, and graciously hear us, spare us, and
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and
blind and absurd husband of a distinguished wife, a clever crank who
blindfolded like the others, and like a wounded animal looked around
blindman's bluff, in which two players are blindfolded and one of them
bliss he now knew. Prince Vasili, who having obtained a new post and
blisters, the thickened periosteum should be incised, and the bone
blocking the way to Moscow and they still did so at the end of the
blocking their road to Moscow that the wine was drawn and must be
blonde German, in a dressing jacket and nightcap, was sitting on a
blood and air-bells and to ensure accurate contact, for this must be as
blood and with the boot still on.
blood in the joint is slowly re-absorbed, and by the end of a fortnight
blood to the brain. His bed should be placed near a large fire, and the
blood vessels of the part, which at first is pale and soft, but later
blood vessels, and serous cavities. They show great variation in type,
blood-clot, discharge, or necrosed tissue removed, and the area
blood-stream and deposited in other parts of the body, where they give
blossoms. Sometimes I am sorry for her, and sometimes I think she
blotch to the right was the watchman's hut, and the red blotch below
blow, gazed up at Rostov with shrinking terror. His pale and
blue stockings and a green jacket, who was moaning piteously.
blue-black. The affected area is sharply defined, and on close
blue-gray dog in the least. Its furry tail stood up firm and round
blue-gray dog, with a long body and short bandy legs, that jumped
blue-striped feather bed and hugging her friend. With an effort
bluish-black discoloration occurs in patches, varying in size and depth
bluish-brown colour; the epidermis gradually thins and gives way,
blunt object; of pain, by pricking or scratching with a needle; and of
blushed at that recollection and tried to excuse herself, as if
blushing and dropping her eyes.
board-like hardness and no longer contract under the will, and passive
boats, and on horseback; and visited sessions of Congress and auctions
bodices and their hair dressed a la grecque.
bodies are extracted. Torn blood vessels, and, if possible, nerves and
bodies, the undefinable essence of the forces of heat and electricity,
bodily fatigue, or exposure to cold and damp, may be sufficient to turn
body and then, after it has taken, transferring it to a third part.
body gave an impression of suppleness and especially of firmness and
body is disengaged, the locking disappears, and recovery takes place.
body of legislation regulating the shipping, trade, and manufactures of
body of local and national unions without distinction of trade or craft.
body on a table. Heaven only knows who arranged all this and when, but
body to infection, and this would appear to be due to the viscid
body. Both felt this so strongly that the outward and terrible side of
body. One of the soldiers, evidently suffering, shouted gruffly and
boil" is applied. Usually, however, the skin becomes red, and after a
boiled, and muskets and accouterments put in order.
boiling water and sweetened with sugar after cooling, are also useful
bold, free, and easy tone, while in his soul he regarded himself as
boldly and hurriedly, in a husky but melodious bass voice.
boldly every day and treat her not as a marriageable girl but as a
boldly, "if you wish to refuse one who is not only a brilliant and
bonds, and, on top of that huge bonded indebtedness, $36,000,000 in
bone becomes heavier and denser--sclerosis; and the new bone which is
bone becomes thin and soft, reverting to its original membranous
bone by the marrow; the medullary canal is often obliterated, and the
bone disintegrates and exhibits the condition known as _syphilitic
bone in the area of disease is roughened and irregular by erosion, and
bone is exaggerated, and it becomes the longer of the two. In either
bone is replaced by granulation tissue, and disappears, or part of it
bone marrow, and it probably has as its object the arrest and
bone of the great toe and may be the cause of considerable suffering; it
bone round about, and partly from the density of the sequestrum. In
bone, and are worst at night. There is redness and oedema of the
bone, and the dead portion when separated is called a _sequestrum_. The
bone, and the general who had served blamelessly for twenty-two years,
bone, as this will interfere with healing, and may determine a relapse
bone, both as it is altered by the original attack and by the changes
bone, both the tumour and its capsule should be removed. If in the
bone, the cortex becomes porous, the spongy bone is rarefied, and the
bone-like hardness; in time they soften, liquefy, and burst through the
bone. They are pearly white in colour, pitted and nodular on the
bones and ligaments of the joint, and it has been known to rupture into
bones as a result of absorption of the articular cartilage, and
bones bounding the nasal and oral cavities, may disappear, so that on
bones must be looked for and dealt with.
bones of the forearm and leg, and effusion into the wrist and
bones, palate, sternum, femur, tibia, and the bones of the forearm.
bones, the bodies of the vertebrae, and the pelvis.
bones--and copious bleeding may take place from comparatively small
bones; he maintains, and we think with good grounds, that in many cases
book of romance, travel, and history. "Legend and annal," says John
boots and a batiste shirt that he had evidently only just put on,
boots and sheepskin coats, without a roof over their heads, in the
boots and shirts for them.
boots and the clinking of spurs that came to a stop, and a
boots and wearing a commissariat uniform ran round from side to side
boots between the dining and drawing rooms, hastily greeting the
booty and always brought back French clothing and weapons, and when
boracic acid and carbonate of zinc. Immersion of the penis in a bath of
boracic lint wrung out of red lotion (2 grains of sulphate of zinc, and
bore all the prisoners forward onto the road, and Pierre, thanks to
bore him along irresistibly. But latterly, when more and more
bore with his father's ridicule of the new men, and drew him on and
born and there are plenty of them as it is. It would be different if
born, despite the opposition of her mother, the doctors, and even of
borrowed from anyone and everyone and evidently would not repay.
borrowed money secured by farm mortgages; and they counted upon the sale
borrowings in Europe, and the impressment of supplies, the Congress
borzoi dashed in followed by a black one, and everything was in
borzoi that was pushing forward out of the wood. The count started and
borzois and picked out Milka who attracted his attention by her
borzois that were not on leash darted after the hounds and the hare.
both children of humanity and were brothers.
both fall on his flank and pursue him over the plain between
both for diagnosis and for treatment.
both for diagnosis and treatment, is afforded by skiagrams.
both in mind and body, as irresistibly attractive to men and women. An
both inevitable and successful. Slavery he thought was a painful
both motor hyper-tonus and hyper-excitability, which accounts for the
both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by
both of the platform and the appeal for votes, was on the "imperialistic
both old and young. The old men, dim-eyed, toothless, bald, sallow,
both parties. Railway, banking, and other corporations gave generously
both sides, become enlarged, rounded, and indurated; they are usually
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
both the dry ground and the water disappear and mud results; and in
both the quality and the defect of frankness in their opinions. They
both their religious faith and their practice of allowing a man to have
both town and peasant lads and will raise the cry a day or two
both, and they may or may not be attended with suppuration. They are
bottle and lifted it to his lips, threw back his head, and raised
bottom step upon which snow had fallen gave a ringing creak and he
bought up at low prices the Southern bonds and other promises to pay.
bougies are inserted into the urethra, and the urine should be rendered
bound Pierre's eyes with it and tied it in a knot behind, catching
bound him to life. And joyful and agitating thoughts began to occupy
bound himself to do something that was evidently wrong and that he
bound to come strength and prosperity for the new government at home,
boundary of British Guiana and, on an appeal from Venezuela, it had
bounded by the will of the prince, and he never went beyond that
bounds, and the leaders made ready for the approaching presidential
bounties, ship subsidies, banking, and kindred matters. The planters of
bowed to the storm. Still the results were disappointing and at that
bowing to the ground in prayer, her door creaked and Natasha, also
box for the rest of the performance, and Natasha moved over to it.
box, nodded to her, and leaning forward asked a question, with a
box, while, evidently unconsciously, she opened and closed her hand in
boy and taking him on his knee.
boy we resected the shaft and inserted his fibula ten years ago, and he
boy's and turned away, not because he felt it hard and sad (Princess
boy's tutor, and how and where to let him know immediately. Before
boy, and the old count came in and welcomed the princess. He had
brace himself, and to question the esaul with an air of importance
bracelets, plunies, necklaces, and gold embroidery, who was
brachial, and subclavian--can be felt as firm cords, while pulsation is
brain and at that moment afforded him pleasure. The enemy's guns
brain diseases. The part affected becomes red and congested, while the
brain-spun. And there was the former agitation and obscurity. He
brains have to make a career and must not miss opportunities, but must
branch is given off, the sensory paralysis is much less marked, and the
branch of the legislature, serving for four years, and subject to
branched off to the iliac and inguinal groups.
branches had been broken off and its bark scarred. With its huge
branches of an artery--usually the temporal--and may spread to the main
branches, and merry voices could be heard from there. Another
branches, causing congestion and oedema of the leg, and lead to gangrene.
brazen bribery and corruption, and dark hints besides. The Senate was
breach of the surface, although this may be superficial and
bread and salt of hospitality, as, according to his understanding of
bread contaminated with the _claviceps purpurea_ and containing the
bread it has earned. This is the sum of good government; and this is
break down and form ulcers, on the leg for example, or of a spreading
break when the patient falls in a fit, and there is usually an
breakers to the West were native Americans of the second and third
breaking down and destruction of the tissue in which it is formed.
breaking down, leaves a large, irregular ulcer with thickened edges and
breaking rank, mingled with the French Guards and sat down at the
breaking the sickle under the reaper--these men and a thousand more were
breast and aroused him to make passionate pleas to his countrymen, did
breast and in the prostate, with the waning of sexual life there may
breast or in muscles, and it rarely affects the ovary, the pancreas, the
breast, and began to speak.
breast, while Nicholas rose, clutching his head, and left the room.
breath, screamed joyously, ecstatically, and so piercingly that it set
breathing and labored transitions, was sounding, even the connoisseurs
breathing heavily and noisily.
breathing heavily, panted past him, and he heard the fall of a body
breeches and arm.
breeches lined with worn leather, and an officer's saber with a
bridge and its celebrated bridgehead and Prince Auersperg? We heard
bridge the gap and form a firmer, but still temporary, connection
bridge the gulf which industry and the corporation had created. Among
bridge, and the whole crowd had to wait.
bridge, cross it, and now with their whole army are on this side of
bridge, several overturned carts, and frightened and laughing faces
bridge, there was nothing between the squadron and the enemy, and
bridge. From different sides came whistling sounds and the thud of
brief description of the campaign and the two battles in which he
bright and animated. Natasha was in a state of rapturous excitement
bright and happy eyes at her sister-in-law.
bright eyes, Rostov re-entered that world of home and childhood
bright, fresh, dewy, and cheerful. The sun, just bursting forth from
brightened his soul and his face.
brighter and brighter with an old man's mild smile, which drew the
brighter and more energetic. He was slightly flushed after galloping
brighter, more joyful, more significant, and more festive around
brilliant engagements the Russians had had to retreat and had made
brilliant, and proud sphere, Prince Andrew noticed the following
bring her share and a husband his. I have my position in the
bring me such tattered and dirty notes as last time, but nice clean
bring something for them to eat and drink before the journey, and went
bring together the seaboard and the frontier. The produce of the
broad face expressed pity and sympathy. This expression irritated
broad knob of a nose, similar knobs over his black frowning brows, and
broad, surprised face, she blushed and came rapidly up to him.
broad-haunched, black-spotted Milka and began rapidly gaining on the
broadsheets, and some liked the way Karpushka jeered at the French,
broke into the conversation and began excitedly talking of the
broke off at every moment. They waited and listened.
broke off, fell on the balcony parapet, and then to the ground. A
broke off. He stayed so long that Princess Mary and Natasha
broke, and the roads became impassable. For days neither provisions
broken crockery," said he, and rising slowly he moved to the table.
broken faith with Prince Andrew, and again she found herself recalling
broken; how she had aged during the five years he had known her, and
broken_, or in which a communication with a mucous surface exists; and
brother Hippolyte told me about your goings on. Oh!" and she shook her
brother and a hard drinker.
brother and his love.
brother and his son."
brother of the ruler of Austria, emperor in Mexico, and surrounded his
brother's and sister's laughter (it could never enter his head that
brother, and forgetting that it was unbecoming for the girls to see
brother-in-law Anatole and of that of Prince Andrew.
brother-in-law had proposed to her and been refused. It seemed to
brother-in-law in her name to leave Moscow and not dare to let her set
brotherhood, and love.
brought Idaho and Wyoming into the union, the latter with woman
brought back and services to be again performed in the churches.
brought by force of circumstances, society, and race--by that
brought changes, as Jefferson had prophesied, in "manners and morals." A
brought for the Emperor to be carried before him and entered the first
brought into the union with freedom and Missouri with bondage. At the
brought into the union without slavery and Missouri with slavery. At the
brought together and could get to know one another. Malvintseva
brought up upon sterilised or condensed milk and other proprietary
brought us to!' and had a sob in it when he said he would 'make them
brow and the happy complacent smile that slightly puckered his lips
brown; sordes collect on the teeth; and a low muttering form of delirium
brownish fluid. On removing the raised epidermis, the congested and
brownish strips of winter rye trodden down by the cattle, and
brownish-red or chocolate colour, and, being highly vascular, are liable
brows and a straggly beard, was saying.
brows still more and began proving to Pierre that there was no
brushed on the temples and sticking up in tufts behind. Though he
brutal; and to succor the suffering, especially the widows and orphans
buckwheat porridge, and choke themselves with cabbage soup. They are
buffoon," as Peronskaya had called him, and knew he was looking for
build, broad in the hips, and with prominent shoulder blades. His face
building, and above all--read.
buildings--schools, hospitals, and asylums--on all the estates
built in Liverpool by a British firm and paid for by bonds sold in
built log cabins, laid out farms, and cut roads through the wilderness.
built their own schools, founded their own newspapers, and published
bullets. They reached the front, several bullets sped over them, and
burden of it; that he had given his word and bound himself forever,
burden to him, and Bory's life is only just beginning...."
burdened with knapsacks and muskets marched in step, and each one of
burn houses and slay their fellow men? What were the causes of these
burned down, and there's an end of it.... What are you pushing for?
burned-out quarters of the town, stretching out and concealing one
burned. They went away each on his own account, and yet it was only in
burning and itching, the part becomes swollen, of a dusky red colour,
burning better. There Platon Karataev was sitting covered up--head and
burning itself out. The flames now died down and were lost in the
burning. Now and then he met Russians with anxious and timid faces,
burns and those over amputation stumps are especially liable to break
burns, and in preventing cicatricial contraction. The _deformities_
burns, by thorough purification and the application of dry dressings,
bursa may form beneath a callosity, and if it becomes inflamed may cause
bursa--"miner's elbow"; and of the ischial bursa--"weaver's" or
bursae, and finally reaching the skin surface by tortuous sinuses.
burst into sobs and laughter:
burst into the cellular tissue outside the sheath, and the suppuration
bursting and becoming infected with pyogenic organisms. Simple
bush, puffing and falling out of step; a soldier who had fallen
business and commercial life of the nation." Such was the picture of
business here is now settled, and I ought to have been off long ago.
business!" and turning again to the narrator he began to laugh afresh.
business--prosperous and profitable industries for the owners and "the
business. It was a sunny morning and by eight o'clock it was already
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
bustle and commotion. Every day thousands of men wounded at Borodino
busy with other interests. In every word and gesture he saw
busy, and busy making his father comfortable, while evidently he,
but Pierre did not reply and went out of the room.
but Princess Mary was going to vespers and Pierre left the house
but Rostov with Dolokhov and Denisov stayed on at the Club till
but Sonya, feeling unusually excited and touched, remained at the
but also of his object, and why he considered it better to risk his
but an hussar officer, and an old friend of his.
but are limited in range. The disability is increased by use and
but as soon as one gets to business nothing is ready, and the enemy,
but at the incredible boldness and smartness of this little girl who
but be gracious to our unworthiness, and in Thy great goodness and Thy
but bright and cheerful.
but bright and happy life. "What is she so glad about? What is she
but changed his mind and said "to take tea with us," and quickly
but concerns his life, throws down his rapier, and seizing the first
but contemptible and ridiculous, and to this Pierre was very
but diverse discordant sounds of disorder. In and out of the hive long
but for God's sake do let the old wolf come my way and let Karay
but for the whole world--seemed to him centered in his love and the
but he could not, and delirium drew him back into its domain. The soft
but he soon became convinced that this was unnecessary and that
but here... groans, suffering, fear, and this uncertainty and hurry...
but himself as governor, the representative of authority and of the
but in the House he had the barest majority from 1889 to 1891 and lost
but independence and action as well!"
but is a distinct and constant menace to his health: the prolonged
but is gradually absorbed and replaced by fibrous tissue.
but it acquires a system of lymph and blood vessels, so that in time it
but joyous and eager crowd down the hill at their disordered foe.
but not open and official cooperation. According to the eminent
but nullification and secession were destroyed. The nation was supreme.
but occasionally looking up at her and listening to the sound of her
but on the left flank the columns of infantry, cavalry, and artillery,
but one of the generals espied him and, hearing what he had come
but otherwise exhibits little tendency to contract and cause deformity.
but reasonably, and then said he wanted a bolster placed under him
but remained there concealing his name and station.
but she could not jump up and run out. The baby again opened his
but she got frightened, just got frightened and hid her face in her
but she was not only afraid to speak of it and ask Dessalles the
but she would not let him, and having closed the door behind him
but so that it may be reflected in them all, and they and I may live
but staggered and would have fallen had not a soldier standing by held
but that and live only for that. Yes, for that alone! I shall never
but that he did not wish to bind Natasha and gave her perfect freedom.
but that he had no hair on his head and his features were quite
but that on the contrary his smile was most naive, cheerful, and
but the feeling is stronger than I. Yesterday I tormented myself and
but the fellow stuck to it. He was sent for trial and condemned to
but the history of the life of the peoples and their impulses has
but the swelling and tenderness of the vein and the oedema of the limb
but then came the maneuvers, and considerations about Sonya and
but to dream of Princess Mary was always difficult and a little
but to go home alone, see his sisters, brother, mother, and father,
but to prove my devotion to you and how I respect your father's
but to the two women it seemed quite natural that they should cry, and
but unpleasant and incomprehensible task.
but we must act." Pierre raised his notebook and began to read.
but were recaptured by the French and shot.
but when wet or oily dressings are applied and organisms gain access,
but where he no longer was and at that moment considered themselves
but with the quiet, joyful, and amused smile now habitual to him,
but would spend his last groat to be better dressed than others, and
but, like Napoleon, did not take part in the actual fighting and
but, my dear, I am getting on for sixty and must be prepared for
buttermilk, honey in the comb, still mead and sparkling mead,
buttocks, and on other parts where the skin is coarse and thick and is
buttonhole and a plain forage cap set straight on his head. He took
buttons of his coat and looking down at him--the Englishman was short-
buy that casket for Mamma's name day and then going home. I was so
buy. His wants were restricted to staples like tea and sugar, and
buzzing on a previous theme, flew over to the new one and by their hum
bweak thwough. Give me five hundwed men and I will bweak the line,
by Charles A. Beard and Mary R. Beard
by Charles A. Beard and Mary R. Beard
by Chipault and others in the treatment of perforating ulcers of the
by France and an alliance was formed to guarantee that independence.
by Ilyin, Lavrushka, and Alpatych, came up to the crowd, Karp,
by Madame de Souza. He began reading about the sufferings and virtuous
by Natasha. Both partners stood still, breathing heavily and wiping
by Petya who always kept close to her, by Michael, a huntsman, and
by Tuffier and others. In these new surroundings, the ovary or thyreoid
by Virchow, and named leontiasis ossea because of the disfigurement to
by a French soldier while conducting service, and a French official
by a bugler and two Cossacks, Balashev reached the French outposts
by a certain coyness and reserve of manner, she reminded one of a
by a process comparable to narcotisation, and render them an easy prey
by a red ribbon worn across the shoulder, and the mayor of the city
by a sensation of tightness in the finger and tenderness when the part
by a short, dry, croupy cough, and hoarseness of the voice. The first
by a thin layer of fibrin and leucocytes, which is speedily organised
by abolishing the system of royal administration and establishing a
by act of Parliament was developed into a closely knit system and
by alcohol and tobacco plays a part in the causation of cancer, in the
by and independent of the nation.... The Constitution, on this
by auction for half its value, and half the debts still remained
by bacterial infections of the bone and from lesions of the adjacent
by common bonds. Washington kept alive and keen the zeal for Western
by confining the patient to bed and elevating the limb, the ulcer begins
by contracting causes stiffness and deformity. The articular cartilages
by cutting instruments, and suicidal cut-throat wounds. It should be
by day, and the starlight of the winter nights seemed to call for some
by districts or by whole provinces... and so on; but as soon as the
by epithelium or endothelium; the contents are fluid or semi-solid, and
by equations and comparing the relative significance of this factor,
by evoking the best side of his nature and taking a pleasure in so
by exquisite tenderness; the skin is tense and shiny, and there may be
by fragments of bone, but to the violence causing the fracture, and this
by him and to depend on him, and from its lack of success this affair,
by his Schon Grabern affair and by the retreat from Austerlitz,
by his love for him. The feeling of pain and fear he had experienced
by it. In his second and third messages, Jackson came back to the
by its peculiarly serious and concentrated expression.
by law to their home ports. Every section suffered. The South and West
by looking through and reading his letters and papers. Mademoiselle
by making pressure downwards and backwards in the hollow above the
by means of the lymph vessels must be borne in mind, and as this occurs
by moving a chair for himself, and Berg and Vera immediately began
by new case; backward displacement of lower epiphysis and implication of
by obstruction of the bowels; in the uterus, prostate, and bladder, by
by one and the same law (whether he observes the necessity of taking
by others, people clustered around him; all eyes turned on him, and he
by others, the chanters relit their censers, and service began. The
by pain accompanying the spasms; the muscles are found to be hard and
by people as the acme of intelligence and refinement, and they pay
by placing a pad in the flexure and acutely flexing the limb at the
by plain citizens were translated into French and widely circulated in
by poverty. Left fatherless early and thrown upon his own resources, he
by predisposing the patient to arterio-sclerosis and atheroma, and
by public authority. In some cases state, and in other cases municipal,
by resecting the posterior nerve roots and their ganglia within the
by serving, not as he had done before, but really well, and by being a
by shelling out the larger tumours individually, and persevering with
by special efforts at home, and the thousands of Hessians bought
by state banks and provided for a national currency. In the second
by strange chance no one does so and all rapturously greet the man
by syphilis in the production of disease of arteries and of aneurysm
by tapping, or by incision and drainage. When the wall is thickened, the
by that instrument." From that day to this the practice of federal and
by the Anti-Federalists. As he made his way North, he was wined and
by the English Channel for inspection and sailing directions. In effect,
by the President with the approval of the Senate; and for a legislature
by the United States were points now emphasized and developed.
by the action of heat on the skin and on the proteins of the blood.
by the aid of a nurse and the use of a perambulator. In hospital
by the capture of transport trains on the Smolensk road, and by the
by the cavalry (a thing probably unforeseen and not heard of by
by the clavichord, happy and smiling. Vera was playing chess with
by the decision in the Oklahoma and Maryland cases, left, however, the
by the disease, and the epithelial infiltration implicates the
by the fatigue of a railway journey. When sinuses have formed and become
by the footmen, and, passing among men and women who were entering and
by the historians about this campaign, and everywhere are described
by the life and activity of the Godfreys and the Louis-es and their
by the pond, over all the rising ground, and all along the road uphill
by the presence of multiple tumours in the course of the nerves, and
by the rectum is also useful in diluting and hastening the elimination
by the soldiers' pipes, kitchens, and campfires, and by the
by the supinator muscle. Protopathic and epicritic sensibility are lost
by the troops and mown down while still green. The peasants were
by the universal historians and historians of culture themselves,
by their armies and their government, spread their dominion beyond the
by this diminutive expressing his affection and the hopes he placed on
by water power or the steam engine, the women and, to use Hamilton's
by wearing properly fitting boots, and in applying a ring pad around the
c.c., and if the serum is given early in the disease, the beneficial
cabbage," said Natasha, "and I remember that I dared not disbelieve
caecum, is exposed to infection by swallowed sputum and by food
calcaneus, and, projecting downwards and forwards from the greater
calculated to restrain the excess of law making and to keep things in
caleches and carriages in which soldiers were riding and remarked that
caleches and coaches for themselves. The few inhabitants who had
calf muscles and their aponeuroses--_crural fibrositis_.
call Dmitri Vasilevich, a man of good family and the manager of all
call Pierre, or go to him himself, and tell him what ought to be
call _farcy pipes_ and _farcy buds_.
call a Cuban parliament, and to grant all the autonomy that could be
called "mon chevalier," and who was going with her to Nizhni.
called Fabvier to him, listening silently and with a stern frown to
called by its detractors "a millionaires' club" and it was looked upon
called everyone without exception and without the slightest
called for according to the progress of the wound and the condition of
called for the police and soldiers. For this distressing state of
called her son and informed him that she had a promissory note from
called in and that the countess was being attended by a charlatan
called on to assist. My tongue is my enemy. Brothers G. V. and O.
called the food in the cauldron, and he thought it more delicious than
called the roll, had supper, and settled down round the fires for
called up from the villages and armed, and wrote a letter to the
calling and there's nobody there; go and gather the clothes together."
calling him a court weathercock and an old satyr.
calling on them as old acquaintances and benefactors of the monastery.
calling these sayings and doings "the Revolution"; then they give a
calling ulyulyu. The sounds of both packs mingled and broke apart
calling upon the natives to rise in patriotic wrath and drive out the
callosity forms and suppuration occurs under it, the pus escaping
calls, and announced that she was going to see Prince Nicholas
calm and cheerful.
calm and quiet comment on the advantage or disadvantage of Bennigsen's
calm and significant memories of the last few days rose one after
calm and silent when the talk related to any topic that had no
calm face of the old man and seeking any indication of his being a
calmly of Prince Andrew and Anatole, as men for whom her feelings were
came among a huge and closely packed train of artillery mingled with
came close up to them. So many different eyes, old and young, were
came in and saw an hussar of the line recounting his military exploits
came more carts and carriages, and the Rostovs were being shouted at
came on, chromatic scales and diminished sevenths were heard in the
came ready dressed into the ballroom to await her father, and
came running out of the cathedral, and after them others in a more
came several other trains of vehicles similar to the Rostovs', and
came to Balashev and informed him of the Emperor Napoleon's wish to
came to describe the horrors and sufferings he had witnessed he was
came to town and wanted to invite me to dinner--I gave him a pretty
came up at a trot to Pierre and the Frenchman and surrounded them.
came up to Morio. Here the conversation seemed interesting and he
came up to the door of the shed. Rapidly and timidly raising his
came up, glanced at what had been done, and with horror, reproach, and
came when the cabins were raised in the clearings and rude churches and
camp kettles and stopping every evening when the weather is fine upon
camp, and emerging from the forest in pitch darkness they descended
camp, and himself a young general without a wrinkle on his ruddy face,
campaign had been drawn up and sent to Kutuzov for his guidance.
campaign that ended in Jena and Auerstadt, but he did not see the
campaign, and won for their chieftain 234 electoral votes, while Van
campaign, suffragists turned to the voters of the individual states and
campaign; Paulucci, an adjutant general and Sardinian emigre;
campaigns did the discussions on the platform and in the press sink to
campaigns into Eastern and Western enterprises. Both were of signal
campfire gleamed red. Not all the Cossacks and hussars were asleep;
campfire, Pierre had got up and gone to the next one, which was
campfires could be seen and indefinite masses of troops--ours and
camphor, painted over the area night and morning. Balsam of Peru or
camps: the masters' and the serfs'. He noticed this hesitation in
campstool below the knoll, with head bowed and elbows on his knees.
can be done with two hundred and thirty rubles! I even manage to put a
can either fall on the Russian army with double its strength and
can find a market only in foreign countries and which can be
can get to them as follows, and just download by date.  This is
can get to them as follows, and just download by date.  This is
can lawfully get out of the union and acts of violence against the
can never be other than uncertain and unfavourable; the danger from loss
can often be traced along these deeper lymphatics into the pelvis, and
can only be recognised by the discharge from the meatus and by the
can yourself imagine the effect this news has had on me, and your
can't sleep but toss about till dawn, because I think and can't help
can't, do what you will! How can I go and apologize like a little
canal is not followed by relief of symptoms. In the leg and forearm, the
canals and railways of those days were built by the labor of Irishmen.
canceled by its successor. Uncertainty and distrust were the natural
cancellous spaces and medulla, the bone becomes denser and heavier, and
cancellous, and the ivory or compact. The _spongy_ or _cancellous
cancer. Cancer of the stomach appears and attains a maximum frequency
canned and preserved for the wounded and the prisoners of war. Of their
cannon balls and bursting shells falling on the town. But these sounds
cannon were everywhere. Pierre pushed forward as fast as he could, and
cannon--still agitated as before by the thought of the Emperor and
cannon. Before the guns an artillery sentry was pacing up and down; he
cannonade behind him growing louder and more frequent. Evidently our
cannot be allowed to go on so and that it is the duty of all decent
cannot endure permanently half slave and half free." At the same time he
cannot say why this occurs, and we say that it is so because it is
cannot transmit the disease by inheritance to their offspring, and that,
cannula is withdrawn, the puncture is closed by a Michel's clip, and a
cannula, an incision must be made, and, after the cavity has been
cannula. The amount injected varies with the size of the abscess and the
cap and sheepskin coat.
cap still higher to Natasha and said, with a pleasant smile, that
cap with a bashful and awkward gesture not at all like a military
cap, and really it would have been difficult for a face to express
cap. This woman, swaying to and fro and muttering something, was
capable of loving and being loved.
capacity many men, especially Russians, have of seeing and believing
capital and labor. The free land was gone; he declared that labor was in
capital and manufactures for a vast agricultural empire West and South.
capital until 1877, and federal control over elections long remained as
capital, Mexico City. The deed was done with speed and pomp and two
capitalists, various artistic and professional classes, as well as
capsular and other ligaments, and terminates in stiffness and fibrous
captain still more lively and he chatted incessantly all through
captains of industry and manned by labor drawn from farms, cities, and
captive. What, me? Me? My immortal soul? Ha-ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha!..." and
capture at Saratoga in October, 1777, and the encampment of American
capture by the sleepless British navy and its swarm of auxiliaries.
captured by the French, and hid in the forests without unsaddling,
captured from the French and standing in front of the Preobrazhensk
carbohydrates, and salts of calcium and potassium which they break up
carbolic acid, the onset of the process is painless, and the patient
carbonate of zinc; and apposed skin surfaces, such as the nates or
cardboard and the queerly dressed men and women who moved, spoke,
cardiac side of the swelling, the pulsation is arrested and the tumour
cardiac side of the wound, and kept there until the opening is secured.
cards and the unhappy Maximilian, the victim of French ambition and
cards with his mother, pace silently up and down the room, and smoke
cards, dice, pamphlets, newspapers, almanacs, calendars, and
cards, the general raising his voice at the card table, and the
cards. They broke off and rose as she entered.
care and tenderness, sitting beside her and talking of the simplest
care of each other's good and of the whole," wrote John Robinson, a
care that the laws be faithfully executed, and shall commission all the
careening into anarchy. "The facts of our peace and independence," wrote
career before him and an assured position in society.
careful and informed observer, John Adams, who asserted that two-thirds
careful with his fifty-year-old Moscow cousins, and in the midst of
carefully and patiently to disentangle them. The countess, with her
carefully coiled it up and immediately set to work on the other leg,
carefully considered by the President and Senate when he was appointed.
carefully formulated by Webster and elaborated by Lincoln. According to
carefully prepared by him, had now been ruined by somebody, and that
carefully, surprised at its thinness, and in the morning noticed her
careless and agreeable remark except to Pierre and Helene, whose
cares of army and state and, as far as the passions that seethed
caressed and pitied him. But Uncle Nicholas came nearer and nearer
caressing him and asking whether he would like to be an hussar. He
caressing women and children. There were many such men both in the
carotid and third part of the right subclavian (Wardrop's operation), of
carpal bones, the epiphyses of the long bones, the sternum, and the
carpenters, bricklayers, painters, and the members of other mechanical
carpeted gangway, his sword and spurs slightly jingling and his
carpi radialis, and the palmaris longus muscles. On incising the sheath
carriage at full speed about an hour before along that very road and
carriage, and inquired what regiment they belonged to. They belonged
carriage, and the count himself, his coachman, and his dragoons looked
carriage, and the solitude of the road, all had a gladdening effect on
carriage. Prince Andrew took a horse and a Cossack from a Cossack
carriages emerged men wearing uniforms, stars, and ribbons, while
carriages, wagons, and crowds of orderlies and sentinels. The
carried away, and the four guns were turned against the ten-gun
carried by a vote of two to one and the young orator from the West,
carried close to his leg a narrow unsheathed sword (small, curved, and
carried home to the king and ruling class stories of an astounding
carried into great detail the Sherman law of 1890 forbidding and
carried out by Prince Andrew without display and without perceptible
carried out, and then but partially. For the most part things happened
carried to the joint in the blood-stream, and they lodge either in the
carry the complicated communist legislation into perfect and wholesome
carry to the Russian works, and those 102 guns shot into the air until
carrying a large loaded tray. With hospitable dignity and cordiality
carrying out of which supplied an occupation and consolation to the
carrying you along and you are running behind year after year, you can
cars and enjoying at the hotels all the comforts of a standardized
cart, and all the loads were being uncorded and the luggage taken
cartilage and synovial membrane, the proliferation of tissue leads to
cartilage is denser than normal, and under the influence of the
cartilage should be removed with the spoon or gouge, and the bone
cartilage, bone, periosteum, and tendon, for example, have a high power
cartilage, or of bone, or of transition stages between cartilage and
cartilage--_the epiphysial cartilage_; and at the junction of this
cartridges and their arms. In such a state of affairs, whatever your
carts and horses may meet with no hindrance on their return journey.
carts which had arrived from Bald Hills and had those horses got ready
carts. The wounded dragged themselves out of their rooms and stood
carved back of a velvet chair he had turned round for the purpose, and
case is this: you ought to have thought the matter over and taken
case of runaway slaves, and equal privileges for slavery in the new
case of the femur and humerus, extension with weight and pulley along
case of the knee and ankle the patient tires on walking and drags the
case of the other fingers--and there give rise to a diffuse cellulitis
case of the thumb and little finger, and after invading the palm in the
caseating focus in marrow, erupting on articular surface and infecting
caseous infiltration in the marrow, and this may be attended with the
cases certain of them remain stiff and pass into the crippled condition
cases it is only possible when suppuration has occurred and the fungus
cases of heat-stroke. Severe degrees of collapse follow sudden and
cases one of the skin tumours may attain an enormous size and cause a
cases the infection transgresses the wall of the bursa and gives rise to
cases. The overlying skin becomes adherent and red, and suppuration
cast for McKinley was larger and that cast for Bryan smaller than in the
casually, without any aim at self-sacrifice, and he therefore looked
catarrh associated with diarrhoea is not uncommon; and ulceration of the
catastrophe one could not disregard oneself and one's own family. So
catch Nicholas and for ingratitude. Sonya listened silently with
catgut was employed for stitches or ligatures, and shows little tendency
cattle and horses. The rain was descending in torrents, and Rostov,
cattle, the women at home, two brothers away earning wages, and only
caucus. The Federalist members of Congress held a conference and
caught and assimilated all the diverse impressions of life? How did
caught sight of herself. "Well, and very nice too! I need nobody."
causation. They may be unattended with pain, and may fail to unite; when
causative conditions present? and second, In what condition do I find
causative organism and of the tissue attacked, the situation of the part
cause a purulent discharge, and in some cases it has been extruded after
cause and went with him to Dolgorukov.
cause pressure on the brain and give rise to intense pain in the head,
cause." Helene raised her voice and became more and more excited, "A
caused Lord North to pace the floor and cry out: "It is all over! It is
caused him to go to Mozhaysk on the twenty-fifth and to make his way
caused people all over France to begin to slash at and drown one
caused the destruction of Moscow, and said: "How was it you promised
causes a portion of fascia to undergo necrosis and so reaches the
causes appears to us equally valid in itself and equally false by
causes pain, and the part is sensitive to touch. The skin is hot and
causes pain, congestion, and oedema of the limb. Rupture may take place
causes serious inconvenience, it may be necessary to cut down and expose
causing most unsightly deformity and interference with sight, breathing,
causing the covering epithelium in places to die and leave small
causing tingling down the nerve, and sometimes numbness in the foot.
cauteries, and setons. Vaccines may be had recourse to in those of
cautery, and sponged over with pure carbolic acid. The cavity is packed
cautery--act in the same way; and the method of treating erysipelas by
cautiously and glanced into the room, Sonya standing beside her at the
cavalry general and said in a loud voice, evidently wishing to be
cavalry. There were also small scratch groups of foot and horse, and
cavernous and cystic varieties are sometimes met with.
cavities and channels filled with lymph and freely communicating with
cavity in the bone, filled with clear serum, and lined by a fibrous
cavity with iodoform worsted and treating it by the open method and
cavity, and the bone has died in patches, several sequestra may be
ccount of the inquest. In the surgeon's deposition it was stated that the posterior third of the left parietal bone and the left half of the occipital bone had been shattered by a heavy blow from a blunt weapon. I marked the spot upon my own head. Clearly such a blow must have been struck from behind. That was to some extent in favour of the accused, as when seen quarrelling he was face to face with his father. Still, it did not go for very much, for the older man might have turned his back before the blow fell. Still, it might be worth while to call Holmes' attention to it. Then there was the peculiar dying reference to a rat. What could that mean? It could not be delirium. A man dying from a sudden blow does not commonly become delirious. No, it was more likely to be an attempt to explain how he met his fate. But what could it indicate? I cudgelled my brains to find some possible explanation. And then the incident of the grey cloth seen by young McCarthy. If that were true the murderer must have dropped so

cease to express our sincere views on that subject, and can only say
ceased and they must go to sleep in their covered cart, or
ceased speaking and suddenly felt tears choking him, a thing he had
ceases and gives place to a complete loss of sensation. The dead part
ceded the Floridas to the United States and defined the boundary between
celebrated beau of Catherine's day, Count Bezukhov, and about his
celebrated his promotion to the rank of major, and Rostov, who had
celebrated miniaturist, and he leaned over the table to take the
celebrating awards they had received for the campaign, and made
celebration of Jena and Auerstadt. Not only is he great, but so are
celerity. There was an opposition, alert and informed; but it was
cells may merely accumulate so as to fill the lumen and form indurated
cells of the tubules of the kidneys; (3) minute thrombi and
cells quite unlike those of tuberculosis and a progressive fibrosis.
cells take on the characters of cartilage cells, and, forming a matrix,
cells, and this process goes on with extraordinary rapidity. Other
cellular tissue and the limb beyond are oedematous and pit on pressure.
cellular tissue, and the bacteria they contain give rise to secondary
cellular tissue, and when thus freed from confinement may attain
cellular tissue, any skin which is undermined and infected with tubercle
cellulitis. In moderately acute cases the tendon and its sheath become
censer and by a servant who passed out on tiptoe without heeding them.
censorship. By that time political parties were so powerful and so
census figures, that they lost ground between 1890 and 1900--a condition
census. Between 1870 and 1900 the proportion of women in the professions
cent., and beta-naphthol 1/4 per cent. It has a melting point of 48 o C.
center of rum manufacture and shipping, stood fifth, with a population
center or on the right, and the engagement would have taken place on
center, send his orderly staff officer, and later Prince Andrew
center, the reserves, and Bagration's right flank had not yet moved,
central incisors, which are dwarfed and stand somewhat apart in the gum,
central nervous system, especially advanced paralysis, and in such
centre of the indurated area, the blisters burst, and a dark brown or
centre, the skin becomes adherent, thin, and red, and finally gives way.
centres are profoundly depressed, and delirium followed by coma usually
century and redoubled their efforts to augment the influence of the
century their religious worship was put under the ban and the export of
century) with his gentle daughter and the pretty Frenchwoman who
century, Ohio had almost reached and Illinois had surpassed
century. In the conquest of business by trusts and "the resulting
cerebral circulation causes headache, giddiness, and other brain
cerebral congestion and oedema.
ceremonies, and prized the strict performance of these forms without
certain changes which result in narrowing of the lumen and loss of
certain features peculiar to the invading bacteria, and (2) others
certain known locality, and begin our plans from some given moment.
certain of the clinical and pathological features.
certain of the lower animals, such as sheep, oxen, horses, deer, and
certain rulers and their heirs, and then suddenly during a period of
certain shippers; and it prohibited common carriers from transporting
certain substances, including toxins and sera, that are capable of
certain viscera, notably the liver, spleen, kidneys, and intestines. The
certain women, and to the official side of the service. These
cessation of that movement when a rational and sacred aim for the
cession of Porto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines to the United States;
cessions of territory and Serbia was transformed into the great state of
chafed his neck, turned his long neck twice this way and that, sighed,
chair and with a serious face asked Sonya, who was considered an
chair for Natasha and was about to sit down beside her, but the count,
chair in her room, making her eat and drink, and talking to her
chairman and president of the council of war. Weyrother evidently felt
chairs and invited her to go with them. She sat down and played with
challenging American sea power then and there, the presence of British
chamois-leather breeches and high boots--and wearing a star Rostov did
chance and was independent of the commander's will, owing to the
chance has Michael Kutuzov? No, my dear boy," he continued, "you and
chance of marrying has come and that her fate must be decided now or
chance," and I thought to myself, "Am I telling the truth?" And
chancre has ulcerated and caused destruction of tissue. A chancre within
change in the relative strength, and an advance had become inevitable.
change in the structure of the growth, and has been observed especially
change that had come over her since the ball. She was silent, and
change the whole aspect of affairs and convert a dry form of gangrene
change, and, like the haemangioma, they sometimes undergo spontaneous
changed and inspired expression at the spot where Anisya Fedorovna had
changed his sergeant major and was unable to manage all the drunken
changed; there was no longer the former poetic and mystic charm of
changes in agriculture came an industrial and commercial revolution. The
changes occur in the cells of the brain, the adrenals, and the liver,
changes such as blisters, superficial ulcers, and clubbing of the tips
changes, however, it restricted the convention to "the sole and express
changing to anger he did not condescend to notice, and said: "I
channel was removed and the water could flow to waste. Pierre felt,
channel; thus depriving New Orleans and St. Louis of a rich portion of
channels: support of the policy and opposition to it. The trend in
chapel Prince Andrew and Princess Mary admitted to one another that
character and mind of the man in question, the more subject to
character of the wound in the vessel and may be modified by accidental
character, and its development takes place along similar lines to those
character, but more so recently, since in the new reigns of Paul and
character. To cut away some of the evils of poverty and enable widows to
character. To local committees and provincial conventions was added a
characterised by a densely hard base and a brownish-red discoloration of
characterised by effusion and by the extension of the synovial membrane
characterised by evanescent pain, redness, and swelling, are
characteristic cauliflower growth at the orifice of the sinus, and by
characteristic greenish-grey or yellow granules are seen in the pus, and
characteristic induration, and may themselves break down and lead to the
characteristic. The height is diminished, and, owing to the curving of
characteristic. When there is hyperostosis and sclerosis, the shaft
characteristics of an absolute and unqualified despotism." The economic
characters of squamous epithelium, and, being confined within the lymph
characters of the acute variety and speedily prove fatal.
characters of this exudate vary in different parts of the body, and
charge and possibly fragments of bone, will penetrate the pleura, and be
charged with the duty of inquiring into wasteful and obsolete methods
charitable and educational institutions under her patronage, had given
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
charm of love and he described women so alluringly that Pierre
charming Frenchmen whom the Russians, and especially the Russian
charring of parts--are most evident at the points of entrance and exit
charters. He gave money for the erection of temples and supplemented
cheap tea and so cause heavy losses to American merchants who had large
check the growth and spread of the organisms, or to inhibit their toxin
check the inevitable movement, and gave the order to do what he
cheek (as yet unshaven) and, regarding her tenderly and attentively,
cheek is affected, the lower eyelid may be drawn down and everted; when
cheek, and when they ulcerate may leave fissure-like scars radiating
cheeks had sunk, her lip was drawn up, and her eyes drawn down.
cheeks, bent low over the face of his hearer, as was his habit, and
cheerful as befits a good soldier and not to think of the general
cheerfully, with a smile of pride, "he flared up dreadfully--and
cherish his sentiment for him the more, and unconsciously to
cherished the spirit of personal independence and who had made actual
chest and he could not breathe. He knew that he must do something to
chest and part of his legs; he had on a kind of necklace above which
chest reminded him of the possibility of suffering and death for
chief is always in the midst of a series of shifting events and so
chief made a sign that the men should continue to march at ease, and
chief quartermaster and without any provocation called him a thief,
chief under observation and arouse his energy, and Barclay, feeling
chief with them. Kutuzov was silent for a few seconds and then,
chief's and with the exception of Prince Bagration, who declined to
chief. He is a very shrewd and garrulous fellow."
chiefly in males between fifteen and forty-five, who are farmers, fruit
chiefly in the breast and ovary, and the tumour resembles the cystic
chiefly in the groin, spermatic cord, and scrotum of persons who have
chiefly in the knee and elbow of healthy males under the age of thirty.
chiefly in the tendons at the ankle and in the long tendon of the
chiefly the muscles of deglutition and respiration. One of the earliest
child and can shift without him, but it's not nice to enter a family
child and quickly shuffling on his feeble legs to a chair, he almost
child he made sport of the momentous, and unavoidable event--the
child knocks itself and runs at once to the arms of its mother or
child should be kept off its feet, and the limbs bathed and massaged. In
childhood and life?" he asked himself without finding an answer. And
childhood, of her mother, her father, and her daydreams; and
childhood, were of the same age and both handsome fellows, though
childhood, when he used to be undressed and put to bed, and when
childhood--the entire limb, including the foot, being shorter and
childish voice, and he began scraping his dirty feet on the threshold.
childishly rash, uncalled-for, and ignoble departure from Africa,
childlike smile, and Helene smiled too.
childlike smile, his fat chest uncovered, stepping unevenly and
children and a husband--as she herself had once exclaimed at
children and anaemic girls. In the mild form there is a sensation of
children and my father, and then talk of rules of war and
children and permitting them to divorce their husbands on the grounds of
children and young adults form a group by themselves. They are usually
children of five or six and upwards, the prospect of natural
children's voices and laughter from the next room. Evidently some
children, and forty-eight freight cars carrying their household goods
children, and with one another. Again the footmen rushed about, chairs
children. They are indolent and painless, and rarely attract attention
children; and for married women the right to own property, to keep
chilliness down the back and in the limbs, which may be so marked that
chilliness, sometimes amounting to a rigor, and a rise of temperature to
chin, and never extends on to the front of the neck. There is great
chin, kicking out and laughing almost inaudibly, now covering
china, moving tables, and unfolding damask table linen, he would
chisel, and the exostosis removed.
chivalry, of flags of truce, of mercy to the unfortunate and so on.
chloride is deficient. Albumin and hyaline casts may be present in cases
chloroform lowers the blood pressure more than ether does, and that with
chocolate or chamois-yellow colour, and consists almost entirely of
choice of the king and the continent hath accepted the challenge.... The
choir that still resounded in their imagination, and hindered their
choking him. When he saw Natasha he waved his arms despairingly and
choking with sobs. Two girls of about ten and twelve, dressed in dirty
chondro-, and osteo-sarcoma--are provided with an abundant stroma and
chondroma, from sarcoma, and from osteomyelitis fibrosa cystica.
choose her for a wife, and frankly I do not wish it. But I am
choose one of these projects. But even that he cannot do. Events and
choose their own form of government; and I believe that once free from
chose her. She was tired and panting and evidently thought of
chose the latter and yielded to the power he felt irresistibly
chosen Natasha because Pierre pointed her out to him and because she
chosen and entrenched position with forces only slightly weaker than
chosen every second year by the people of the several States, and the
chosen his direction and realized his danger, laid back his ears and
chosen usually by the legislature; but in two instances, New York and
chronic Bright's disease or gout. It occurs with greater frequency and
chronic jaundice; the patches are often symmetrical, and as they
chronic rheumatism are but little amenable to surgical treatment, and
chronic, and is often attended with a considerable production of dense
chronological and the topical methods. It is therefore suggested that
church could be seen through the mist, and here and there the roofs of
church spire, and the corners of the white house in the distance,
church; Separatists, Baptists, and Friends, who had left it altogether;
churches for their indifference and were so bold as to ask that
churches of different denominations are open, and divine service is
cicatricial tissue, and although a few collecting tubules may be
cicatricial tissue, and the growth of epithelium on the surface, go on
cicatricial tissue, which has a peculiar tendency to contract and so to
cicatrisation and cure. Sometimes the cystic tumour becomes infected and
cicatrix. The swelling is reduced by steady pressure, and increases in
circle. Natasha guessed what he meant to do, and abandoning herself to
circled in the air, cawing and noisily flapping their wings.
circles and had no understanding at all of the people he supposed
circuit whereby the current is opened and closed automatically at
circular in section and the anterior and mesial edges are blunted, and
circulated. In the French circle of Helene and Rumyantsev the
circulating and reaching every tissue and organ of the body, the
circulating blood as possible in the trunk and head. If the shock is
circulating through the body, and the diminished haemoglobin content of
circulation consisted of English, French, and Spanish coins, and the
circulation does not develop and gangrene of the limb supervenes.
circulation has been restored, the lower end of the tube is detached and
circulation through the fingers becomes exceedingly sluggish, and the
circulation. It has been more successful in the face and upper limb than
circulation. The skin is disinfected and the limb wrapped in cotton wool
circulatory, gastro-intestinal, nervous, and other functions are
circumscribed the struggle between the bacteria and the phagocytes takes
circumstances and was only seen in its entirety when it had been
circumstances they would again fall in love with one another, and that
cities, including San Francisco and Seattle. In New York the subways are
citizen of Pennsylvania who indulged in horse racing and gambling was
citizens and persons of foreign birth who had declared their intention
citizens searched, and troops distributed in increasing numbers among
citizenship, and beside which all other governments can continue in
city and town throughout the North. Topsy, Little Eva, Uncle Tom, the
city property.... He had his rating in the commercial reviews and could
city resulted in fires and looting and the destruction of both the
civil and military powers to bring "the traitors to justice"; and it
civil and military, in supervising elections in all parts of the Union.
civil and political. By an act passed in 1866, Congress gave to former
civil servants of the government who had enjoyed long and secure tenure
civil service commissions and the merit system well intrenched in more
civilian clothes with a clever face and sharply projecting jaw
civilian dress facing his father and Prince Meshcherski, warmly
civilization and undertook to lay down for all countries the principles
civilization, and as the connection of the people with the rulers
civilization--fragments of four-and five-story dwellings, ruined dams,
civilization. The "wild west" was gone, and with it that frontier of
civilized life. The hunters and rangers passed on to new scenes; the
claimed the credit, declaring that only his courage and good luck made
claimed the election and the passions ran so high that sober men did not
clammy sweat, and beads of perspiration stand out on the forehead. The
class and kept the tenants and laborers subject to their economic and
class sent out to the provinces. Its bishops and archbishops in England
classes--the innocent and the malignant. The outstanding difference
classification of naevi is into the cutaneous, the subcutaneous, and the
clauses in the ninth Section of the first article; and that no State,
clavichord and began singing. Prince Andrew stood by a window
clavichord and that there would be dancing, and so everyone had come
clavicle, to those in the axilla, and to those of the opposite side
clavicle. They are at first discrete and movable, and may even vary in
clavicle; the axillary and brachial by pressing against the shaft of the
clavicular fibres of the pectoral and the serratus, take its place and
clean and polished to the utmost, and every horse groomed till its
cleanliness and dryness. After washing and drying the affected patches,
cleanliness, and freedom--now that he was deprived of all this, seemed
cleanliness, whiteness, and pleasant smiles.
clear and dignified language the grievances of the colonists. It
clear and simple language, a model to all makers of fundamental law, was
clear and unquestionable." This pretension Great Britain firmly
clear daylight and without a glass. "Yes, yes! There they are, those
cleared his throat and sang his favorite hunting song:
cleared, and so on. What for people in their full vigor is an aim
clearing out the clots, and ligating the artery above and below the sac.
clearly and definitely understood without any sense of
clearness. She tried to get Nicholas back and wished to go herself
cleavage of the trunk axis of the embryo, and is found exclusively in
clergy and the nobility to their ancient rights. His policy encountered
clergymen and wealthy merchants. With passion the loyalists fought
clerk and Kozlovski were squatting on the floor by a tub so near to
clerks set up their baize-covered tables and their pigeonholes of
clever I am and how... charming she is," she went on, speaking of
clever as you," and so on, till he began sincerely to believe in his
clever things and one doesn't care to listen, but this one talks
clever.... Oh no, she is simply enchanting, and that is all."
cleverest, and best man in the world, and were free, I would this
climate all the way around the coast from Virginia to Texas and the
climax of villainies openly defended; a challenge to law, order, and
clinical features and treatment of the various forms of papilloma are
clinically and in skiagrams, and which tend to restrict the normal range
clinically they merge one into another, and it is not always possible to
clinking of spurs were heard at the door, and the young count,
clipping and filing away the metal. Foreign commerce was unsettled. The
cloak Pierre opened his eyes and saw the same penthouse roofs,
cloak and high boots, at an open desk on which lay abacus and some
cloak and sheepskin cap, and riding a large sleek Don horse.
cloak that covered her head, embraced her, pressed her to him, and
cloaks and holding things like daggers in their hands. They began
clonic spasms. These spasms are at first slight and transient, with
close and prolonged part in the defense of his country, but did so
close as that between a postage stamp and the paper to which it is
close quarters and was the first to seize the surrendering French
close to her, of his breath and the smell of him, and could think only
close to the door and as soon as it opened his rough old arms closed
close to the fox which began to dodge between the field in sharper and
closed and the epoch of responsible citizenship opened.
closed his eyes and stooped down. One bullet and then another whistled
closed the doors, they all sat down and remained for some moments
closed their eyes. At the same instant they heard a report and
closed, "is void and the courts as well as other departments are bound
closed, the curtain was slowly drawn, and from behind it a soft
closely allied to rickets, in which the bones of adults become soft and
closely bound to me--and that I must bear my cross. But if I forgive
closely over the blonde lady and paying her mythological compliments
closer. Quite a new, sweet face with black eyebrows and mustaches
clot may ultimately take place and lead to consolidation of the
clot--_consolidated aneurysm_--these signs disappear, and the clinical
cloth at the same time, and said:
cloth coat lined with fox fur, that had once been smart, and dirty
cloth covering, and the harp gave out a jarring sound.
cloth-covered, sheepskin coat and new boots, an old woman of similar
clothed in green. It was dusty and so hot that on passing near water
clothes and a round hat, he wandered about the town, staring at the
clothes and to rest after their hard marches.
clothing and, it may be, articles from the man's pocket, with them.
clots must be removed and the drug applied directly to the bleeding
clots, and ligating any branches which open into the sac. If it can be
cloud of smoke. The Frenchman turned pale and rushed to the door.
clown--Dimmler--and the lady--Nicholas--started a dance. Surrounded by
club." Poverty and misery were observed in the cities. State
clumsy and the door, pushed from behind by that terror, opened and
clumsy boots and perspiring necks, and their shirts opening from the
clumsy way, and, blushing far more than Boris, began to speak with a
co-existence of indolent swellings, ulcers, and depressed scars in the
co-operate with him for the public welfare! Lay your respect and
co-operative lines, holding down the speculator and profiteer with one
co-ordinated to produce that movement and war: reproaches for the
coaches could go at high speed, and heavy freight wagons proceed in
coachman Ipatka knows--and look up the gypsy Ilyushka, the one who
coachman in a jerkin, who stood nearest, sprang forward and snatched
coachman's coat which Gerasim had procured for him and had disinfected
coachman's coat, going down the street with head bent and a serious
coachman's long coat, who from his manner of walking and moving was
coachmen and footmen, who, with loud shouts, dragged his sleighs up to
coachmen and the orderlies of the wounded officers, after attending to
coagulates both above and below the ligature, the proximal clot being
coagulates both in the sac and in the feeding artery. The ligature may
coal-miners and others who assume a squatting position at work. The
coal-mining and coal-carrying companies which employed their tens of
coarse tone which the people despise in their own class and do not
coarsely granular, and the nuclei disintegrated, no longer taking the
coast and the backwoodsmen of the West; in town meetings and from the
coast, took charge of British forces engaged in plundering Virginia, and
coat and like Kutuzov had a whip slung across his shoulder.
coat of the stomach--_gastric fibromatosis_; and in the
coat shone like satin and every hair of its wetted mane lay smooth-
coat, and a black kerchief. Often, approaching the chest of drawers
coats of blue cloth and wearing medals. In the noblemen's hall there
coats of the stomach or intestine, and by the development of secondary
coats of the vessel are torn and the blood escapes into the surrounding
coats, buckled on their swords and pouches, and moved along the
cock, laid the table for two, all properly, and sat down. After
coffee and some lint each month or we should be lost!" he laughed.
cogwheels to work, chimes to play, figures to pop out, and the hands
coin of the country and for substituting as legal tender, coin of only
cold abscess is most likely to occur in wens of the neck or back, and it
cold abscess on the median side of the upper arm and by a huge mass of
cold abscesses and leave indolent ulcers or sinuses. The infection is
cold abscesses. Dermoids usually appear before adult life, and as they
cold room, and the part rubbed with snow, or put in a cold bath, and
cold the orders he gave before and during the battle would have been
cold, bluish in colour, and there may be necrosis of the skin over bony
cold, stern, and he fancied even contemptuous.
cold, that they are at the antipodes and engaged under the frozen
colder and calmer.
coldly it seemed to Natasha. "Go... go," said the mother, sadly and
coldness, loss of sensation and motor power, and, lastly, loss of
collapsed and was as worthless as waste paper. The bonds of the
collar and cap, went out for his usual walk. It had snowed the day
collar and his head slightly bent. His face was fresh and rosy, his
collar, an officer of the Guards, a girl of fifteen, and a plump
collarbones, impressed Pierre more strongly with the solemnity and
collect pollen from flowers and carry it to the hive, says that it
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises. In this way the national
collecting a library and has made it a rule not to buy a new book till
collection of pus is punctured with a narrow-bladed knife and the use of
collective flight, and on that the whole strength of the French was
colleges; under clerical guidance, intellectual and spiritual, the
collide. This Guardsman would certainly have bowled Rostov and his
collodion or of salicylic and creosote plaster.
colonel, came to him and, after talking a great deal about his
colonel, thumping the table; "and ve must tie for our Emperor, and zen
colonial legislatures within the metes and bounds of established law. In
colonial records. A number of the artisans and carpenters in the first
colonial times there had been a marked difference between the South and
colonies and Turkish provinces which were in a backward stage of
colonies and protectorates; and (5) the League of Nations.
colonies failed. Selfishness and indolence usually disrupted the best of
colonies raised, clothed, and paid during the last war twenty-five
colonies so united were bound together in "a firm and perpetual league
colonies threatened. Pitt and Edmund Burke, the former near the close
colonies were subordinate to the crown and Parliament of Great Britain;
colonies. He showed him how France could redress her grievances and
colonies. It was supported by the British government and the official
colonies. The Connecticut, Hudson, Delaware, and Susquehanna rivers in
colonies." Senator Hoar, of Massachusetts, whose long and honorable
colonists gained more than they lost by British trade and industrial
colonists, they did not relish quit rents, and their opposition wrecked
colony in 1665. Iron forges appeared in the valleys of the Delaware and
colour, blebs form on it, and it undergoes necrosis, leaving an
coloured glasses, and the pupils should be dilated with atropin from
colourless, watery fluid--_lymphorrhagia_; and the opening through which
column advancing against them and winding down over the uneven ground.
column, hydatids give rise to angular deformity and paraplegia. In the
column, skull, and less frequently in the long bones of the limbs. It
columns and filling the alveoli vary with the character of the
combat," declared this representative of the Russian nation, "and to
combination of aneurysm and aneurysmal varix.
combination of syphilitic aortitis and sclerosis of the coronary
combination with other anaerobes, and its main incidence is on the
combination, or one may follow on and merge into another.
combined forces of the two Carolinas and Virginia.
combs and keeping the brood warm, he sees the skillful complex
come about. Don't say it--I know. No, do tell me!" and she removed her
come and bind Karp. The men obediently came out of the crowd and began
come and brought his pupil with him" (for some reason Prince Bolkonski
come and how he would set upon it. Hope alternated with despair.
come and see us quite informally," said the governor, taking leave
come from Moscow; and also his cousin the eldest princess, who had
come immediately. Perhaps he has come and is sitting in the drawing
come into my mind that I was already tired of it all, and that we must
come into the homes of the people, measure their liquor, and take the
come on!" said "Uncle." "You see it's damp weather, and you could
come so near to you... and to all your family that I thought you would
come striding disheveled from the nursery in her dressing gown, and
come to an end there in due time. Washington disliked it and directed in
come to congratulate him, offer them refreshments, and talk about
come to the bridge across the Kolocha between Gorki and Borodino,
come up to him as he lay wounded and would magnanimously extend the
come when he would at last start on that path of regeneration and on
come... he told me himself... but still I should not cry," and she
come; the maid, Aniska, was no longer there, and Pierre with a feeling
comes between us like this, I seem lost and can't do anything. Now
comes of itself, and that apart from the words there is no tune, which
comes when the lever catches it and obeying the impulse that wheel
comfort so often, and fussed over him so much, that she overfed him
comfortable quarters and a speedy return to our country. Behave as you
comfortable," thought Wolzogen, and looking severely at the dishes
coming action from Dolgorukov. He felt that Kutuzov was upset and
coming out into the corridor, looked with pity and repulsion at the
coming to attack him, and raises his arm to strike that ruffian a
coming to take him from me, and he laughed, shut his eyes, and clung
coming up just then. "I sent to ask for news, and hear that she is a
commencement of a war, and Rostov, conscious of his advantageous
commerce, parliaments, and international relations, politics and
commerce--Boston, Providence, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and
commercial and the planting states be balanced so as to safeguard the
commiseration and offensive offers of assistance; he avoided all
commissariat affairs of his detachment, and could never be found
commission and appropriated money for the investigation; a body of
commission, and especially since he had joined the active army and
commissioners and diplomats.
commit murder, and so on?
commit nuisances in all the courtyards and even under the very windows
committed deeds of such daring and cruelty that he was outlawed and a
committee, to all the Club members and to all the Club guests, and
commodities and in certain amounts with neutral countries.
common accompaniments of the more serious and progressive forms of joint
common defence and general welfare of the United States; but all duties,
common facial and other venous trunks may require to be clamped and
common to the processes of inflammation and repair; no hard-and-fast
common well-being of all our people whenever and in whatever manner was
commonly affected, and the disease is bilateral in a considerable
commonly ruptured are the popliteal, the axillary, the femoral, and the
commonly the pelvis and lumbar vertebrae, but sometimes the entire
communicates with the knee-joint and shares in its diseases. When shut
communication between the systems of the great and small saphenous veins
communication; gangrene of the limb may supervene, and we have observed
community must live on the labor of another; learning, science, and the
companies and single proprietors of large grants early figured. In 1787
companies and supplemented the savings banks with a parcels post system,
companies and tilled by hired labor. Sometimes the great estate took the
companies had recognized this modern "profession" and universities were
companies met near Ogden in Utah and the driving of the last spike,
companies were common and the public was deluged with stocks and bonds
companies, and other interstate carriers; it gave the commission the
companies, some of them the largest and strongest institutions in the
companies, trailing their lances and advancing one after another as if
companion's arm and stepping back from the door.
companion's face, saw her attentive and kindly gaze fixed on him, and,
company of woolen manufacturers to come with machinery and take the wool
company was fixed at a definite sum, its earnings were agreed upon, and
company, and so my conscience was at ease. I came forward...." (Berg
comparative ease and comfort, if not at a rapid speed, and the bulkiest
comparatively low temperature (140 o F.), and the coagulum is
comparatively painless and of being followed by the least amount of
comparatively rare, and has been observed chiefly in the tibia and the
comparatively rich in cells and blood vessels, and in which the fibres
comparatively slowly, and are only malignant in the sense that they tend
compared her feeling for them with her feeling for him, and felt
compared to "pipe-stems." The pulse is smaller and less compressible
compared to "wash leather," which slowly separates and leaves a more or
compared with something... With what? Pierre could not say, and he did
comparison with the past. Against the slow and leisurely stagecoach,
comparison with this feeling of tenderness and love he experienced: in
compartments. These lesions are comparatively common, and are not
compassionately, and with joyous love. Natasha's thin pale face,
compelled by public sentiment and a sense of justice to admit Oklahoma.
compelled her to speak and act apart from her own will. From the
compelled to enact law after law conserving its forests and minerals.
compensation for mutilation and death, the words of posterity about
compensation for their services, to be ascertained by law, and paid out
competition, notably, wool, hemp, and flax. As the South had little or
competitors by charging high freight rates and for similar abuses.
complain of depression. A few days later he fell ill and took to his
complained of her fate, her father-in-law, and her husband. After
complained of her position, did not say a word about the past, and
complained yet of being too much loved; and besides, you are free, you
complaining of lassitude, incapacity for exertion, headache, and pains
complains of increasing hyperaesthesia and of neuralgic pains in the
complains of pain, often sudden in onset, of tenderness on pressure, and
complains of severe pain on attempting to use the muscle, and maintains
complete absence of pulsation in the distal arteries and if the part
complete carpet, slightly overlapping the edges of the area and of one
complete contradiction, between men's opinions and their lives, and
complete severance of nerve fibres may occur and these give way at
complete, there is no longer any central wound, and each individual
completely cut across to enable its walls to contract and retract, and
completely eradicating the focus of infection, and on the reserve force
completely rested, and the pupil is well dilated by atropin to prevent
complex interplay of intrigues, aims, and wishes among those who
complicated and clever, that it was evident that he was old and stupid
complicated by phimosis and balanitis, and they frequently lead to
complication. In smaller and more superficial ulcers, however, the
complications; and no benefit follows the administration of salicylates.
complied and Dohkturov noted them down.
complying with this order, for there were two hundred and thirty
composed of Massachusetts, Plymouth, Connecticut, and New Haven. The
composed of the colonel, Nesvitski, Zherkov, and the officer from
composed of the executive secretaries and five other persons appointed
comprehend, so each individual has within himself his own aims and yet
comprehended it not." Joseph Alexeevich's face had looked young and
comprehensible than gratuitous self-sacrifice, and therefore seems
compressed it, sometimes destroyed it, and sometimes merged with it.
compressed lips, and knitted brows, held on to the sides of the
compressed, the joints may become swollen and painful and afterwards
compressed, twitching lips and dull, gloomy, fixed eyes. Evidently
compressible, and reaches 130 or more, especially if at the same time
compromise. It took on the form of a tariff controversy and
comrades. He spoke slowly in a loud voice and throwing out his chest
concave aspect uneven and nodulated and showing reparative changes,
concave, and in many cases the epithelium is shed, and an ulcer is
concealed the fact under a show of irritation and contempt, he was
concealed--his own position and even his name.
conceded both the prophecy and the claim. Manifest destiny never seemed
conceited and selfish, ascribe common sense to themselves alone.
conceivable occurrences, and declare this abstraction to be the aim of
concentrated and happy resolution you see on the face of a man who
concentrated readiness for strife and suffering. To all of them from
conception of it to her, and though the "God's folk" who came to see
conceptions of chance and genius.
concern was to obtain a greatcoat and a conveyance), proved useless;
concerned in the affair, and like everyone in similar cases, did not
concerning the Krems affair, and about some ladies they both knew.
concerning them and therefore could not do so. "Russia and summer
conclaves of party workers, sustained by the spoils system, and
conclude that the whistling and the turning of wheels are the cause of
concluded, "we have the prospect of a glorious issue; by cowardice and
concur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of
condemning it roundly for punishing the innocent with the guilty, and
condescension and patronage in his treatment of Berg and Vera. After
condition in which a limb is swollen and misshapen as a result of the
condition is liable to spread to the zygomatic and frontal bones, the
condition is never observed by the universal historians, and so to
condition known as the "saddle-nose" deformity (Figs. 43 and 44).
condition of their stopping at a British port, securing a license, and
condition there issued many a long and lawless conflict between capital
condition which they have assumed and maintained, are henceforth not to
condition, and considerable modifications in splints and other
condition, and may prevent the disastrous consequences that may follow
condition. The conditions formerly known as "delayed shock" and
conditionally, but that the conditions are unknown and indefinite, and
conditions as peritonitis and peritoneal suppuration resulting from
conditions for repair, and this should be done at the earliest possible
conditions from the median basilic vein by means of a serum syringe, and
conditions have been known to induce attacks, and sometimes to abort
conditions of war and law, that look established human relations
conditions presented a more cheerful and animated aspect. This was
conditions she had been used to from childhood and, unable to
conditions such as phlegmonous or erysipelatous inflammations and
conditions with like success, and so profoundly has it affected the
conditions, albumen and blood may be present. Retention of urine may
conditions, from 5000 to 10,000: 7500 is a normal average, and anything
conduct and the breaking off of her engagement, receded into the
conduct of German kings and princes. In 1848 there had occurred
conduct of the American government, a payment in cash, and an annual
conducted a strike in 1799 and held together until indicted seven years
conductors. He heard those around him disputing in whispers and one of
confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal; coin money; emit
conference of delegates at Annapolis to consider matters of taxation and
conference of delegates from Russia, Austria, Prussia, and France met at
conference. Prominence was given to women delegates, and "politicians"
conferred on New York by this enterprise, began her system of canals and
conferred rose with apparent relief, and began walking up and down,
conferred the ballot--not on workingmen as yet--but on mill owners and
conferred the status of Councilor of State, and insisted on the
confess and acknowledge the one Almighty and Eternal God to be the
confess and ask for money he had no right to after giving his word
confess to his wife, and would again promise that this should really
confidence at his feet and do not delay to unite with us!
confidence in our political establishments; and almost occasion me to
confidence the personality of the Freemason inspired in him and his
confidence, and love as I have for you. Then I am young. Mamma does
confident as Pierre mastered his wrath. "I don't know that and don't
confined in the shed in which Pierre had been placed and where he
confinements, the nursing of her children, and sharing every moment of
confirmed his conviction that she was a quite unusual and
conflagrations when the house owners are in residence and a police
conflict that spread to Europe and even Asia and finally involved
conflicting and intersecting intrigues that eddied about the Emperor's
confluence of the Enns and the Danube became visible, and the rocky
confluence of the rivers Kolocha and Voyna.
conform to his father's wish--to propose, and postpone the wedding for
conform to them and follow them, and let us be persuaded that the less
confused and begged her to excuse his costume.
confused and enfeebled. Bennigsen, the Tsarevich, and a swarm of
confused. "Then a patrol arrived and all the men--all those who were
confusion and fear that showed itself on Prince Vasili's face.
confusion she felt might overwhelm her and betray her as soon as she
congenital deficiency in the number, size, and strength of the valves of
congenital recesses, known as post-anal dimples and coccygeal sinuses.
congenital, and is most often met with in the hand; it forms a
congested areola forms in relation to the nail and refuses to heal. Such
congestion, oedema, and mucous patches may be the cause of persistent
congratulations and happy faces, announcing the trophies taken, the
congregation, of men and women brought together in the bonds of a common
congresses, and conventions, all unofficial and representing the
congressmen were converted to their cause and presented it ably to their
conjecture, but the colonel did not once glance at Rostov, and
conjunctival and ciliary congestion is usually present, and there may be
connected with the epiphysial cartilage and with the epiphysis, and at
connected with the sale of Southern produce and the purchase of goods in
connection existing between these men and the movement of the nations.
connection with the skull and vertebral column. It may take the form of
connections and wealth. Are there no women living unmarried, and
connections or rank, and of whom there were very many in the lodge.
connective tissue accompanied by thrombosis throughout the capillary and
connective tissue and fat. At a certain stage the muscles exhibit the
connective tissue and hypertrophy of the skin; in advanced cases there
connective tissue throughout the nerves of both the cerebro-spinal and
connective tissue, and in some cases changes similar to those of
connective-tissue cells of the part, and to a less extent from the
connective-tissue framework of a nerve, which causes irritation and
connective-tissue group and subsequently those that originate in
connective-tissue overgrowth, and tends to become contracted and rigid.
conquered Georgia, and restored the royal governor. In 1780 they seized
conqueror with love. I will tell the deputation that I did not, and do
conquest of Mexico, slavery and King Cotton triumphant--secure for all
conquest was impossible, and they had urged the advantages of a peace
conscience, and there is nothing to thank me for. No one has ever
consciences stirred by the unending appeal and the tireless reiteration.
conscientiously studied the dispositions and the unfamiliar
conscious of something pleasant, comforting, and well rounded in these
conscious raised themselves or lifted their thin yellow faces, and all
conscious that they raised her in her own esteem and in that of
consciousness as well as the muscular and nervous activity.
consciousness of his own and his children's ruin, and she tried to
consciousness of man's will in the present moves in space, time, and
consciousness of the divine. To love life is to love God. Harder and
consciousness that he was not a bad man, and he felt this because he
consciousness, and the muscular exertion entailed may ward off the
consent to carry out the will of these weak individuals, and should
consent to restore the duchy to the Duke of Oldenburg"--and there
consent, irritating him and having to bear the brunt of his
consequences of a striking character. Some were immediate and obvious.
conservation of natural resources, banking and credit in relation to
conservative and the operative.
conservatories and the beauty of a flower that had just opened, and
conservatory. There she paused and stood listening to the conversation
consider the whole matter and decide what was right and how he
consider yourself incapable and your life a spoiled life. You have
considerable admixture of fibrous tissue, and are known as _fibroids_ or
considerable detachment is stationed between Ruza and Mozhaysk.
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
considerable fever and disturbance of health. The slightest movement
considerable number of men, particularly the mechanics and artisans of
considerable pain and effusion into the joint, which necessitate rest
considerable size without the patient being aware of its existence, and,
considerable swelling; and in the mouth and fauces this may lead to
consideration and which they were trying to pass over in silence
consideration for the children. I am nursing and my milk was
considerations, induced such proprietors as Lord Baltimore and William
considerations, ordered an advance, and the next day his army began to
considered an important step up in the service, and he at once
considered and treated as enemies to their country.... Of all traitors
considered him a criminal, and a year later they executed those who
considered himself irreproachable, sincerely despised rogues and bad
considered it immoral and humiliating could not resist the temptations
considered myself injured, and Louis XVI was executed because they
considered possible contingencies and formed new projects such as
considered that it would be a useful and worthy action to slay the
considered these consultations very valuable for the proprietor and
considered with the individual tissues and organs.
considering plans submitted to him by his marshals, and personally
considering the general progress of affairs and approving and
considers only monarchs, generals, and ministers as being such men,
consist in the wealth, freedom, and enlightenment of the people, how
consist of two-thirds of the whole number of senators, and a majority of
consisted of drops closely pressed together, and all these drops moved
consistence, and of a pale-white colour; the oedema may be so great that
consistently with the safety and well-being of the community, intrusted
consistently, and belabored the French till the whole invasion had
consisting of equal parts of lanolin and vaselin with 2 per cent. of
consisting principally of English and continental manufactures, tea, and
consists in amputating the digit concerned, and in removing the
consists in opening the joint by free incision and removing the bodies.
consists in opening up the periosteum and the new case sufficiently to
consists of a dram and a half of cream of tartar added to a pint of
consists of pus mixed with fibrin, and, it may be, red blood
consists of: metallic mercury or calomel 1 dram, lanolin and olive oil
consolation for our defeat by the memory of former victories; and
consolation? What evil and error are there in it, if people were dying
console her tried to excuse Pierre and suggested reasons for his delay
consolidating small farms into vast estates; and still more from the
consolidation of all labor's forces; and in 1866, the year after the
conspiracy devised by the money power and secretly carried out. This
conspiracy of silence and injustice. "I have failed to discover in the
constant correspondence between the number of leucocytes and the height
constant practice and patient attention to technical details in the
constant symptom and is especially annoying at night, the patient being
constant, dull, and aching; is not obviously increased by use of the
constituent elements--oxygen and acids appearing at the positive,
constituted his merit and his greatness. He rode hurriedly from the
constituted its charm. Now her face and body were of all that one saw,
constituted the center of the Russian army, and that that center was
constitution toward a final separation. Slowly and against their
constitution. A municipality was established and the following
constitutional system the courts must declare null and void all acts
constitutional tendency and sought an opportunity of effacing it.
constitutionality was in doubt and alleged that it had failed to
constitutionally, to draw a cordon around the slavery issue and confine
constitutions of Kentucky, Ohio, and Indiana.... Many of the articles
constitutions, for governors, senators, and representatives, indicated
constrained and ill at ease.
constrained and oppressed. When she was not looking at him she felt
constructed by Leppich; now hinted that he would burn Moscow and
constructing." Thus canals, railways, and financial credit were swiftly
construction and operation of railways came such an accumulation of
construction of roads and canals. Early in Jefferson's administration,
constructive in character: that of getting skilled, loyal, and efficient
consuls and those in which a State shall be a party, the Supreme Court
consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the
consultations were detached from real affairs and did not link up with
consumption, and in part traded for sugar and molasses, which furnished
contact with a wound should be sterilised or disinfected, and to ensure
contact with the biceps muscle, is situated a well-defined and easily
contact, and the discharge from lesions containing the virus is placed
contact, the ferments liquefy the exudate and other albuminous
contained, were two people. They were the yard porter Ignat, and the
containing a viscid fluid, and an imperfectly formed tooth is often
containing equal parts of pure carbolic acid and liquor ammoniae.
containing from 27 to 31 per cent. of arsenic, and are equally
containing lessons in geometry written by himself and drew up a
contemporaneously, and so it is possible to find some connection
contempt and compassion.
contempt and even with disgust of that Natasha who had just passed him
contempt for him and despite all the proofs he deduced to convince
contempt, and fear. Only recently, talking with one of Platov's
contemptible and profligate life, though I did not like it and did not
contemptuous look and manner he wore in drawing rooms, but with the
contemptuously and said she was not a fool to want to have children,
contemptuously and turned away, to show that he would never demean
content to do no harm, and not disturbing himself or desiring
content with laying duties, just as a manifestation of power and right,
contented as he was, and people felt pleased by his presence.
contents are semi-solid, and cannot be withdrawn even through a large
contest and will be more or less affected to the end of time by the
contest had been carried and acting on the appeal from the Secretary of
contest. Connecticut and Georgia followed early the next year. Then came
contest. Nevertheless, he was an ambitious and shrewd negotiator. He was
contingencies... and foresees the adversary's intentions."
contingent, and with increasing numbers plundering became more and
continual absorption in abstract interests and his sincere contempt
continually and rapidly touching her rosy nether lip when necessary
continually cleared his throat and pulled at the collar of his coat
continually mistaking bushes for trees and gullies for men and
continually proves incorrect and is in particularly striking
continually takes smaller and smaller units for examination. But
continuance in power and had as a consequence raised up many enemies in
continue reading. But feeling this to be senseless and impossible,
continued and expanded by slavery. Before the war the prosperous
continued its course. Evening passed, night came, and the feeling of
continued to sit with head bowed and lips compressed and gave her
continued to turn over the pages and read. In the diary was set down
continued to walk to and fro.
continued, "and about your freed plowmen."
continuous and adequate labor supply, the manufacturers saw an offset to
continuously hot, and has often a peculiar pungent feel. Patches of
continuously in an atmosphere of campaigning and war--can understand
continuously, and joyfully that the men themselves were awed by
contour of the bone, but they eat away its framework and replace it, so
contour, and a clear interval between it and the surrounding bone.
contract to work in specified mines and mills. There seemed to be no
contraction of muscles, and is of value as a sign of disease in
contraction of the currency; it lowered the prices of labor and produce
contraction, wasting of muscles, and starting pains. These _starting
contradictions and possesses an unchanging standard of good and bad by
contradictory orders, lost her head and did not know what to do. The
contrary it evoked the compassion of those who knew and liked him.
contrary to his usual character and said disagreeable things to Toll.
contrary to put D in A's place, and so on--as if anything more than
contrary to what was said by the officer previously sent; and a spy, a
contrary was dulled by imbecility and a constant expression of
contrast between his own position and his friend's. He tried equally
contrast to the other features of American life, and he foresaw what
contrast weighed on and yet cheered him while she sang.
contributions of men and money, a necessity that as soon as the
control of his face, and while Kutuzov was turning managed to make a
control of the army and of the men and parties engaged in it, and he
control them, and they still brought up the charges, loaded, aimed,
controlled by digital pressure, and the use of a tourniquet should be
controlling her trade, Grenville and Townshend. The king was willing,
controlling ligaments, and is devoid of sensation. In other cases,
contused and lacerated wounds.
contused and lacerated.
convalescence is prolonged, and at any time the disease may assume the
convenience Surgery may be defined as "the art of treating lesions and
convenience by a power so distant from us and so very ignorant of us."
convent stood out beyond a wild virgin pine forest, and far away on
convention also thrust aside the old rule of unanimous approval, and
convention and the adoption of the direct primary. Candidates were no
convention and the few who remained behind refused to answer the roll
convention ebbed and flowed, decisions being taken in the heat of
convention had been clearly and heavily against ratification. Events
convention in 1849 and framed their constitution. With impatience, the
conventions and conferences or committees; in colonial congresses and
conversation and knew how to listen so that people readily told him
conversation passed from one trivial topic to another and repeatedly
conversation with Kuragin, and again saw the face, gestures, and
conversation with him about marriage. She saw with sorrow, and
conversation, and then with a distressed face left the room to find
conversation, and though Anna Pavlovna felt sure he would say
conversation, to talk of trifles is awkward, and yet the desire to
conversational machine in steady, proper, and regular motion. But amid
conversing with the Emperor less than three hours before, and in
converted into cartilage and bone; such a body may remain attached by a
convex, and incurved at their free ends, suggesting a resemblance to the
conveyed to Natasha and Sonya his fiancee's invitation to her wedding,
convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to indictment, trial,
conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.
conviction, or the calm firmness and certainty of his vocation,
conviction--aiming at the punishment of vice and folly, and
convinced herself that that was not he, but something mysterious and
convinced that the Southern prophecy was true. Abolitionists and
convinced that there were no political difficulties in Europe and no
convinced. After examining with a critical eye the life and labor of the
convinces the enemy of the moral superiority of his opponent and of
convoluted cords, lying in a loose areolar tissue and freely movable on
convoy and, as Denisov expressed it, were sharpening their teeth for
convoy guards began cursing and the French soldiers, with fresh
convoy of cavalry baggage and Russian prisoners separated from the
convoy of prisoners, and Junot's baggage train--still constituted a
convulsions and that we know only the facts--that is, the murders,
cook, about asparagus, fresh cucumbers, strawberries, veal, and fish
cool and quiet, with a scent of autumn. Pierre and the adjutant
cooperating with the autocrats of Russia, Austria, and Prussia, they
copy of the manifesto and appeal, which he would obtain from Count
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
cord; in some cases the bones lose their lime salts and bend, in others
cords, and therefore in such cases haemorrhage is not a common
cords, or they may proliferate and give rise to secondary nodules along
cordwainers, iron molders, and other craftsmen considered common
cork. Sonya kissed him full on the lips, and disengaging her little
corked eyebrows and mustaches were smeared over the perspiring,
corn as of his own, and few landowners had their crops sown and
corn, fruits, vegetables, and grass. Huge ranches grazed by browsing
corner, and even in his very smell, and he looked at the man without
corners of his lips and eyes into a cluster of wrinkles. He ceased
cornet, had been educated from childhood and lived for years at a
cornified and the epithelium assumes a greyish-white colour.
corporal told him that nearly all the troops were starting and there
corporate monopolies ... the powers they have so corruptly and unjustly
corporation and gave them certain powers in the management of its
corporations sought to become monopolies and to make profits, not by
corps of prisoners, bundles of enemy eagles and standards, cannon
corpses, and the French soldiers, after dispatching the wounded, threw
corpulent, flaccid, and fat. But the bleached eyeball, the scar, and
corpuscles mixed with a quantity of fibrin, and this forms a temporary
corpuscles, and are in turn disposed of by the developing fibroblasts,
corpuscles, dead bacteria, fat cells and shreds of tissue, cholestrol
correct officer of the Guards. He was clean-shaven and wore a
correct, as she sincerely believed it to be, and that everyone else
correctly, and having once arrived at them clung to them
correspond to the junction of the diaphysis with the epiphysis, and the
correspondence, editorials, pamphlets, and letters to the newspapers,
corresponding lesion in man, and associated with enlargement and
correspondingly feeble power of recovery; and while many young children
corridor he met Nesvitski, with whom he shared a room, and the wag
cost of diminishing the glory due to the Russian army and people) it
cost, at Philadelphia, about $10 ... and the horses about $12 each; they
costing heavily in men and money. Atrocities were committed by the
costume tournament, Countess? Do come!" and putting out his hand to
cotton and tobacco to the North or to seaports was of common concern to
cotton and tobacco. With the advance of the frontier, corn and wheat
cotton king. Watt and Fulton were to make steel and steam masters of the
cotton wool, as a well-localised sensation, and the finer grades of
coughed, swallowed, and said in French that she was very pleased to
could I, and it cannot be seen if one looks on our life here as the
could alone extricate us from the present uncertainty and from the
could be heard, subdued by suffering and broken by sobs.
could be reached by American troops and her naval forces had been
could close its doors and windows against all mankind, the victor in the
could do under favorable circumstances and they watched British regulars
could encounter the invincible Napoleon without fear, and he was
could find a quick and easy passage into all parts of the West and
could hold its clergy and missionaries loyal to the crown and so
could no longer remain in Moscow and would leave for the army that
could no longer think of him by herself calmly and continuously as she
could not alone make the republic great and prosperous or even free. All
could not be called wars, they did not accord with the theory, and
could not be otherwise, for in order that the will of Napoleon and
could not bring herself to leave him alone and for the first time in
could not conceive and could not imagine.
could not for a single instant impose upon anyone, and it was clear
could not have done this work without raising angry passions, and only
could not help loving the countess and the whole Rostov family, but
could not make out whether the tea was strong or weak, and the samovar
could not please him, and I wished to come close to him and embrace
could not reply) and that according to my observation he is
could not see ten paces ahead. Bushes looked like gigantic trees and
could not surrender to a company, and though the French availed
could not weep. The old man too came up and kissed the waxen little
could perform a great deed, and to save his life--the life of M.
could place her in such an embarrassing position and had spent half an
could play all games and nearly always won. However much he drank,
could run no more. The Frenchman also stopped and took aim. Rostov
could see his face. Anna Mikhaylovna left him, and when she returned
could tell: it might be some caprice of a sick and half-crazy man,
could, and frequently did, declare acts of colonial legislatures duly
could, and told him what I had proposed to our Petersburg lodge, of
could, but now I can jest, and the more I jest and the calmer I am the
council could not alter the inevitable course of events and that
council, contrary to the views of the old generals Kutuzov and
councils and cold in their affection for Adams, made a poor campaign.
counseled negotiation first, and, applying the Monroe Doctrine, was able
count and the other guests.
count came in from his Club, cheerful and contented. Nicholas, hearing
count coming out from the dining hall into the anteroom, and he added:
count had been Marshal, and life at Otradnoe was quieter than in
count is very fond of Pierre, looked after his education, and wrote to
count met the guests and saw them off, inviting them all to dinner.
count so morose and irritable.
count stood still at the window and listened.
count was beginning to breathe heavily and quickly which was always
count with a gloved finger, and paying no attention to those who had
count's house and now managed all his affairs, stepped softly into the
count's voice roaring and snapping and rising louder and louder, and
count, Nicholas, and Prince Andrew--promised to do as she wished.
count, and having kissed his wife's hand he went back to his study.
count, who knew everyone in society, leaned over and spoke to her.
countenance Bonaparte, and to cause me, and us in general, annoyance
counter-revolutionists and those suspected of sympathy with the
countess and Sonya, and a fourth held the whole of the gossamer
countess and piloted the provincial Rostovs in Petersburg high
countess and that it was necessary to say something to her. Hardly
countess as her mother and called her so) "that I am spoiling
countess in an offended tone; and still more offended that they all
countess in vague general terms, avoided talking with her and resolved
countess reflected a moment and took a pinch from a gold snuffbox with
countess shook her head disapprovingly and angrily at every solemn
countess who entered the room and glanced uneasily around, evidently
countess with a gentle smile, looking at Boris' and went on, evidently
countess' little table, and Anna Mikhaylovna noticed that something
countess), and only her stern but handsome face really joined in the
countess, "but I always wanted Nicholas to marry the princess, and had
countess, and Natasha sat down beside a little chess table with Sonya,
counties, and cities was established by the fourteenth amendment. The
countries at war and did establish a Court at the Hague for the
countries of the Old World--the scientific use of the soils and
countries, from the debility which they cause, tend to aggravate and
country and the Tsar confer honors upon him, what does that matter?
country around unoccupied and to place troops below it. Some of the
country between the Ohio and the Great Lakes. In the South, the second
country by sending the Lewis and Clark expedition to explore it,
country do we get any rest? Theatricals, hunting, and heaven knows
country for, out of the cash collected in the fish markets of Europe and
country gentlemen, small farmers, and yeomanry of the mother
country had the government taken such a wise and humane view of its
country it may exist in Europe and to prevent its being introduced in
country means. It was in my very blood and bones. If I am not an
country road with its hollows and snow-covered pools of water.
country's welfare. Kutuzov looked wearily at him and, lifting his
country, and that evening thanks to her agitation she was particularly
country, secured Kaskaskia and Vincennes and laid a firm grip on the
country. In this long battle, Emma Willard and Mary Lyon led the way;
country. They established compacts of government for themselves and set
country; and that the vote for Douglas, Bell, and Breckinridge meant a
countryside. All through the North and in some of the Southern colonies,
courage failed him. He was seized by panic and could not go where it
course I shall think nothing of an extra seventy miles to come and see
course and defending it on principle, he set an example to all his
course of a month; and there was Vasilisa, the wife of a village
course of a nerve, and is not referable to any discoverable cause. It
course of an operation, the arm is abducted and rotated laterally or
course of history and predestined from eternity.
course of public events and grasp the significance of political
course of the nerve. The nerve is very sensitive to pressure, and, if
course of two or three months' duration before marriage, and an
course, and its course was so very usual that it was difficult to
course," he added, "for if the peasant is naked and hungry and has
court and at the grand balls was divided into several circles, each
court to her. Beautiful and clever... they say Prince--is quite mad
courtiers, one of those who sympathized with his plans and ought to
courtiers? Pfuel proposes, Armfeldt disputes, Bennigsen considers, and
courts and finally to such additional inferior courts as Congress might
courts might make of injunctions in labor disputes and guaranteed trial
courtyard, turned the corner, and ran up into the porch.
cousin. The old countess sat with a blissful yet sad smile and with
covered the lower part of his face, and a tangle of hair, infested
covered with feeble granulations and grey shreddy sloughs. The edges are
covering, and retained in position by a many-tailed bandage. The
coward like Arakcheev, he was as precise, as cruel, and as unable to
crack and there was a glimpse of something blue, of ribbons, black
crack of the cattle driver's whip and the hum of the factory: the West
crack of whips, shouts, the urging of horses, and the swearing of
crack, returned flourishing his arms, and took up a book. His
crackings, and aching, aggravated by changes in the weather. The
crackled, the snow was melting, and black shadows of soldiers
crackling from yielding of the thin shell. The swelling may pulsate, and
crackling of campfires and the voices of many men had grown quiet, the
craftsmanship, with luxury, and governmental and religious
cranial nerves, particularly the oculomotor and the hypoglossal, may
crashed to earth with his horse. Zherkov and the staff officer bent
creak. The countess was sitting up in bed and speaking softly.
creaked, and the steps of a belated arrival were heard. "There's
creaking of springs, and the tramp of horses' hoofs were heard.
created our responsibility, before the world and with the unorganized
created the interstate commerce commission and forbade many abuses on
created were to be embraced all the Allied and Associated Powers and
creator, upholder, and ruler of the World." By one circumstance or
creature of state governments. It was erected by the people and derived
credit and power abroad. This view Washington fully indorsed, adding
credit it, bent his head, and told Tushin that he could go. Prince
credit which Eastern bankers were able to extend to the grain and
crepitus is soft, and although union may take place, it may be delayed
crew and passengers on board for safe keeping as prescribed by
cried her eyes out," she said, growing more and more lively.
cries behind some trees on the right and saw a group of girls running to
crime and punish criminals. As soon as enough people were settled
criminal and at the same time pacify the mob.
crisis. France and Germany, foreseeing from long experience in world
critical of survey our last two unfortunate campaigns, and with
criticism and was about to reply, when the expected footsteps were
criticism which it is receiving from teachers of science, civics, and
crops were light. Still they increased in numbers and zealously worked
crops without enjoying the picturesque title of "farmerettes" and they
cross the path of his caleche. Ahead of the rest and nearer to him ran
crossed, so that they had to go round by the ford, and he sent
crosses on batteries, and so on, and who was thought to be and was
crossing herself properly but in a cramped manner, and again she
crossing himself and repeating:
crossing his legs and glancing round.
crossing themselves, and the reading of the church service, the
crossly, and buried her face in the pillow.
crossness worried her. She got up and, walking on tiptoe with
crossroads. Black figures flitted about before the fire, and through
crowd and nodding to right and left as casually and good-naturedly
crowd of dogs. Only the delighted "Uncle" dismounted, and cut off a
crowd of memories, desires and emotions associated with that feeling.
crowd stood in a semicircle. The crowd consisted of a few Russians and
crowd were suddenly heard saying, and the general attention turned
crowd, killing five and wounding half a dozen more. The day after the
crowd. The soldiers near the gun waved their arms and beat the
crowded together close to his wheels and his horses. "What a fellow!
crowding around the dams and banks of the ponds near the village of
crown and Parliament were united in resorting to punitive measures.
crown, the Puritan monopoly was broken down in Massachusetts, and that
crowned heads. Now the Pope's turn has come and Bonaparte doesn't
cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
cruel fate, should be certain that inevitable and ignominious death
cruel, sad, gloomy, and inhuman role predestined for him.
cruelty and drunkenness.
crumpling and smoothing out the end of her sash while she looked at
crushed foot, and (b) case of incomplete abortion.]
crushed or torn across, it should be exposed by incision, and, after
crushing defeat to the Confederate troops and more than once the union
cry over her cruel, evil nature, and little Nicholas, following her
cry, Sonya, dear love, darling Sonya!" and she kissed her and laughed.
crying. Sonya tried to lift her head to answer but could not, and
crystals, and other detritus in the deposit.
cuisse de nymphe effrayee, as he called it, shoes, and silk stockings.
cultivated the soil and possessed the local interest and independence
cultivation of tobacco and rice. The Piedmont Plateau, lying back from
cultivation were simple and easily learned. They tested neither the
cunning court liar, frightened of the name of Napoleon, and that by
cunning in everything, so he frowned and did not answer immediately.
cure is complete the expansile pulsation is lost, and there remains a
cure is sometimes all but complete when extension and rupture occur and
curiosity and agitation, like that of the whole crowd, reached the
curiosity, awe, and even love--a supercilious consciousness of his own
curiosity. Pierre stood rather far off and could not hear all that the
curious mixture of tissues--bones, skin, and portions of viscera, such
curly hair and his plump, clean-shaven, blackish cheeks and every
curly head to her knees and made the whole room ring with her
curly-headed like his mother and glowing with health, sat on his knee,
currency for some purposes of their own, only in universities and
currency made the exchange of money and goods extremely difficult, and,
currency question and offered a new solution in the form of the federal
currency streamed from the press and debts were accumulated. Commerce
current of hot air, and filling it with a mixture of powdered iodoform
currents of opinion which set in toward colonial nationalism and
curtain aside and for some time his frightened, restless eyes could
curvatures of the stomach, from cancer of the pylorus; and those in the
curved. The middle of the upper lip formed a sharp wedge and closed
customs and dress they sometimes adopted, the squatters spent their days
customs and traditions, and a man was produced who would stand at
cut off!' and start running, but a brave and jolly lad who shouts,
cutlets, and all the other details of life ordered by the doctors, the
cyanosis, a persistent cough and frothy or blood-stained sputum, a
cylinders of nerves, and the muscles. The condition does not occur in
cyst upon adjacent structures, and the occurrence of suppuration, are
cysts are small, usually about the size of a pin-head, and they are
cysts_, and being most commonly met with in the region of the saphenous
d down, got a dog-cart at the Crown Inn, which is opposite, and drove to Leatherhead, from whence I have come on this morning with the one object of seeing you and asking your advice."
d until I come back?' Well, we talked it over, and he had fixed it all up so nicely, with a clergyman all ready in waiting, that we just did it right there; and then Frank went off to seek his fortune, and I went back to Pa.
d'Enghien had perished by his own magnanimity, and that there were
d'oeuvres and dishes and arranged them on the table. When she had
dactylitis both clinically and in skiagrams, but it is rare.
dalmatic and, making the sign of the cross on his breast, began in a
damaged nerve, and of the parts which it supplies.
damages done by Germany and her allies; (4) the disposition of German
damask curtain flapping and blew out the candle with its chill,
damp, another hung his coat over the window to keep out the draft, and
dance the count, breathing deeply, waved and shouted to the
danced at Count Orlov's, you remember, in a white Cossack coat, and
danced, to a tune in which the weary musicians blundered, and while
dancers of his day and Natasha danced exquisitely. Her little feet
dancing all together. Then the violins played very shrilly and merrily
dancing room, they still heard the laughter and merry voices trying to
dancing, he stood in the doorway, stopping now one pair and now
danger as yet and it is unlikely that it will be threatened with
danger vreatening Russia and zat ze safety and dignity of ze Empire as
dangerous and embarrassing. So he was silent. But before he had
dangerous business, and if you think about it--a stupid business.
dangerous, and I'll come for you."
daredevil of an hussar married and settled down. Among these was the
dark and the glow of two conflagrations was the more conspicuous.
dark man of middle height, and in a white uniform, who stood by a
dark patch meets the normal skin of the chest (Beach and Cobb). Pressure
darkened and he went up to the boy.
darkness, and the drummer boy came to the door.
darling Nikolenka; by his relations as a charming, attractive, and
dash the town of Cantigny and all other objectives, which were organized
date; there are abundant giant cells of the myeloma type, and
dating from intra-uterine life and probably due to a disturbance in the
daughter and in that contemplation seemed to have forgotten all she
daughter and placing an arm on the back of the chair on which she sat,
daughter at a distance and attaches this Frenchwoman to himself? He
daughter got up to go and the two young men rose to let them pass.
daughter is so young, and I thought that, as my son's friend, you
daughter of that rich old man. But before leaving home and undertaking
daughter with special politeness and showed them to the princess'
daughter, and while he laughed the expression on his face clearly
daughter, ending in the mother's sacrificing herself and offering
day and no one else. At that time the two famous decrees were being
day and return to ordinary conditions of life and sleep quietly in a
day and wished to convey. "He was such a delightful old man, and it
day before with proposals and demands for him to join up with the army
day before--she felt a need of being angry and would choose as the
day he went away in a fog, without having said what he meant to, and
day of battle--heaven knows how and whence--a stern note of which
day to their homes. and orders have been given that they should find
day, O Lord, and grant us Thy salvation; make the hearts of Thy
day, and that the richest peasants (who formed the deputation) had
day, hardly sleeping at all, she watched him and, terrible to say,
day, he was taciturn, and the old prince noticing this also became
day, since he had first seen the enemy and fired the first shot, and
day, sobbing, he asked her and his absent son to forgive him for
day, suddenly changed: her eyes became fixed, and then a shiver passed
day: the princess' eyes grew dim, she could not see and could not hear
daybreak,'" said Dolokhov and was about to ride away, but Petya seized
days and nights with a Wallachian woman--Prince Andrew asked Kutuzov
days and was now shivering and in pain. Beside him sat Uvarov, who
days happy, and as widow of the Grand... the prince would no longer be
days of her brother's and Natasha's love.
days of his brother's reign, he continued to ignore, and that of
days of their marriage, with bare shoulders and a languid,
days, but that very evening--again presented itself to her and her
days. Having changed horses twice and galloped twenty miles in an hour
days. The natives were given a voice in their government and the power
dazzled by the sight of Murat's mantle and ostrich plumes, qu'il n'y
dazzled her still more. The host and hostess, who had already been
de Beausset's face and he glided away to the other generals.
de Jobert, a man no longer young, with snow white hair and brilliant
de Tolly, not so much as a man but as minister of war and commander in
dead and fall as lightly as fish scales. The beekeeper closes the
dead bone, and subsequently with deformity characterised by loss of the
dead matter, and are known as _saphrophytes_. Such as do nourish in
deal with it all?" and again listened to Denisov.
dealing and conversing with those in the highest spheres.
dealings with her father, and always at the thought of enemies and
dealt with rival firms, and for conspiracies with railways to ruin
dear boy, and have a look," he would say to one or another of those
dear fellow," he said abruptly and eagerly, "I must confess to
dear friend? Five years have passed since then, and already I, with my
dear," and using the formal "you" instead of the intimate "thou" in
death did not affect them and they did not feel it necessary to foment
death had come she had been a fresh and vigorous woman of fifty, but a
death, and he saw above him the remote, lofty, and everlasting sky. He
death, and the old countess' grief fell blow after blow on the old
death, nor of what she was telling. He listened to her and felt only
death, so that when they are transplanted, they readily "take" and do
debate, only to be revoked and taken again.
debates and to maintaining an argument, he began in low but distinct
debates, John Brown's raid, the election of Lincoln, and secession.
debilitated and anaemic, and who are confined to bed for prolonged
debts which he was under no obligation to meet, and did not rebuild
debts, or of suspending their collection, and remitting taxes."
debut, remembered her conversation at the window, and with an
decays and so forth is equally right with the child who stands under
deception, at any rate it remained unexposed and Helene Bezukhova's
decided in his own mind that all was as it should be, and that in
decided opposition to the Republicans and their policies.
decided, and in her male attire she seemed quite a different person.
decisive moment and so losing his self-esteem.
declaration, listened to him in silence and then told her son that
declare the Missouri Compromise null and void as being inconsistent with
declared null and void the income tax law just enacted by Congress, thus
declared that the earth was stationary and that the planets moved
declared to be compulsory, and provision was made for public schools
declared to be perpetual and the right of a state to secede settled by
declared war upon America. The answer was swift and firm. The national
declaring the Constitution to be a mere compact and the states competent
decline, but took the note quietly and thanked her.
declined them. Though the conversation was very incoherent and Vera
decomposition of sordes on the teeth and gums of a debilitated patient.
decorations. She ran up to him and, in the play of the sunlight that
decrees and an army enters Bohemia. Napoleon I issues a decree and
deduced from it all that I ought not to refuse a suppliant, and
deductible, and don't have the staff to handle it even if there are
deductible, and don't have the staff to handle it even if there are
deed. They blamed Kutuzov and said that from the very beginning of the
deep breath after stooping, but refrained from doing so and breathed
deep chest tones in which she had been wont to sing, sing, and
deep impression upon me, and the lapse of two years has hardly served to weaken the effect.
deep influence on the life and culture of a people. The feudal and
deep inguinal and external iliac glands. The femoral glands often
deep layer of the periosteum and its continuation--the capsular
deep within him his soul was occupied with something important and
deep-set eyes always twinkled and looked out straight.
deeper parts, and when situated over the skull may be lodged in a
deeper, away from them, and they both knew that this had to be so
deeply as they did the resources of individuals and the interests of the
deeply pigmented, being usually of a coal-black colour, and melanin
deer and the buffalo of their forests, and who know they are Americans
defend it?" A prolonged and general silence followed. There was a
defended) and after his sick father had had to flee to Moscow,
defending it with his usual courage, was stoned by a mob in New York and
defense swift and paralyzing strokes at the North were later deemed
defenseless man--seem less guilty, that is, less free and more subject
defensive. General after general--McClellan, Pope, Burnside, Hooker, and
deficient in length but are sometimes also curved and misshapen, which
defined ulcer is exposed, and when this heals it leaves a scar which is
defined, and often presents a "rolled" appearance.
definite and distinct groups of symptoms--such as the convulsions of
definite and well-known, but quite false, conception. All the
definite capsule and are composed of a reticulated connective tissue,
definite capsule, and frequently send prolongations of their substance
definite purpose of raising wages and reducing hours.
definition of the conception of freedom and inevitability themselves
deformans as due to an attenuated form of tuberculous infection, and
deformans with erosion and ulceration of the cartilage and a form of dry
deformities as flat-foot or knock-knee, and badly united fractures of
deformities at the knee (genu valgum, genu varum, and genu recurvatum),
deformities occur in the spine, pelvis, and lower extremities, and
deformities of the face caused by gunshot wounds and by petrol burns in
deformities which occur at or near puberty, especially knock-knee and
degenerate and undergo calcification. Occasionally a small thrombus
degeneration and absorption and the stroma contracts, the tumour becomes
degeneration and death of the granulation tissue under the necrotic
degeneration and liquefaction of tissue may result in the formation of
degeneration and necrosis of the granulation tissue results in the
degeneration of its fibres, or in suppuration and the formation of one
degeneration, for example, in cartilaginous tumours and in sarcomas.
degenerative changes, of the nature of caseation and necrosis, which
deglutition, and pass off entirely in the intervals between attacks.
degree of freedom and inevitability governing the actions of these
degree, and range from slight alterations in the structure of the
degrees of temperature, and the points of a compass.
deigned to summon us and the merchants. Millions will pour forth
dejected and frowning, sat on a bench by the bridge toying with his
dejected and whether anything had happened to her betrothed, she
dejected, and they all shunned one another's eyes--only a de
delay and carry out instructions!
delay, and at a higher level.
delayed, and only become prominent when pus forms and approaches the
delegations at his home in Canton and discussed the issues of the
deleterious foods and drugs. A significant piece of labor legislation
deliberate and habitual to him. His face took on the stupid artificial
deliberately appeals to boys and girls on the very threshold of life's
deliberating," continued Napoleon with the same derisive and
deliberation, (2) to vanquish lust by self-restraint and repulsion,
delicacy, greater care, and at the same time more seriously than did
delicate smile, and in every trait of her gentle face.
delicate, thread-like spirilla, in length averaging from 8 to 10 u and
delight of frenzy. He flung down the slab, broke it, and swooping down
delight the eye and the mind. And yet, poor and meager as the
delighted him were the women, young and healthy, without a dozen
delightful! As much as I like and as I like!" said Petya to himself.
deltoid, wasting and loss of function may be persistent. In exceptional
demarcation. If this forms slowly and irregularly it indicates a very
democracy and expound human rights. Women, now better educated and more
demonstrate. Many a man and subordinate officer and, for that matter,
demonstrated by injecting the sinuses with an emulsion of bismuth and
demonstrations which would very soon end in peace, and the view
demonstrations. Bells were rung; toasts to the king were drunk; and
demoralization had begun. The Kaiser had abdicated and fled into
denote all conditions in which bacterial infection has taken place, and
denounced the "fraud and violence practiced by the Democracy in the
denounced the President as erratic, dangerous, and radical and decided
denounced the abolitionists, and made a final plea for the Constitution,
departure of the princess and Dessalles with the little prince to
dependence upon Northern capital became more and more marked, Southern
dependence upon the cotton exchanges of New York, New Orleans, and
dependent on and allied with the two mammoth or Rockefeller and Morgan
depends on him. Remember that, my dear, and be nice to him, as you
depends on the nature and amount of the stroma, and on the presence of
depicted on it and with a lid, and a gold snuffbox with the count's
deplored the inadequacy of the militia and called for a real army. He
depopulated city, habitations without safety and slavery without
deported to the colonies for life in lieu of fines and imprisonment. The
deposit of laminated clot, and consequently the cure of the aneurysm;
deposition of lime salts and the formation of bone, there occurs a
depressed and adherent (Fig. 39).
depressed, suspicious, sleepless and restless, demanding to be allowed
depressing and painful to think of the danger, since it is not in
depressing than ever, and the countess fell ill from mental agitation.
depression and had made desperate efforts to combat it. Since the
depression, and irritability.
depth. The eschar is at first dry and crisp, and is surrounded by a zone
depths of Russia, are evidently of that kind, and only by much
derangements, interference with the gastro-intestinal functions and also
dermoids to the post-anal gut; and _branchial dermoids_ in relation to
descendant of Rurik and ancestor of the Bolkonskis. Prince Andrew,
descendant of the hero of Tippecanoe, and a son of the old Northwest.
descended into that hollow, the smoke of the guns and musketry on
descending branches, and the motor branches of the deep cervical plexus,
descending the hill, the French were firing, and he felt his heart
describe and seize the apparently elusive--the life of a people.
describe it," she had said, flushed and excited. Prince Andrew
described by Hutchinson and by Fournier, as it may be the source of
described by Jonathan Hutchinson and Alexis Thomson.
described the engagement and his reception by the Minister of War.
describing the condition of an army) and this is what he said:
description of the dinner to his people in Germany; and he felt
description. A judicial scrutiny of the war reveals his thought and
description. In cottages and fields and along the highways the victims
desert, the home of the sage brush and the coyote! The level prairies of
deserter? Lincoln hears her petition, and grants it even against the
designation as "the man who does not give his name," and under that
designed to make the conditions in mills and factories safer and more
designed to restore the normal structure and configuration of the part.
desirable that there should be more imitators; and secondly because
desire to punish the Russians (Thiers says), and he issued the order
desire, but there was pity for her feminine and childish weakness,
desired his destruction, and he who says that an undermined hill
desired nothing, hurried nowhere, and were ending their days
desired to do so. There were communities and indeed whole sections where
desires, prudent and honorable men, who cherished the ties that united
desirous of hiding her adoration for Helene and inclined rather to
desolation equally widespread and equally pathetic. An English traveler
desolation or suffering and indignity.
despair and hope were there, but all encompassed by the heavy tedium of
despairing sobs of a woman, and the hoarse angry shouting of
desperate struggle between slave owners and the advocates of freedom was
desperate wars. Virginia and her Southern neighbors suffered as did New
despise the adjutant and the minister. "Away from the smell of powder,
despised them because of his old age and experience of life. The
despoiled of the stock and seeds necessary to renew agriculture.
despot. Who is right and who is wrong? No one! But if you are alive-
destroy faith in God, in the creation of the firmament, and in the
destroy the foe, and a trial balloon that was to go up next day. The
destroyed and septic infection superadded, such an isolated area of bone
destroyed by digestive processes in the stomach and intestine. They may
destroyed by ordinary germicides, and by the gastric juice. The spores,
destroyed or sunk without provision for the safety of crew and
destroyed!" he said, and turning his horse rode back to Shevardino.
destroyed, and desires, doubts, self-reproach, and hopes reawoke.
destroyed, gleamed white in the distance with its towers and the
destroyed. The soldiers and officers again demanded action. Generals
destroyed; and so it is essential to explain what is meant by power.
destroying the nerve fibres, and must be brought into direct contact
destruction and heroic endurance.
destruction as hung over the French, and that the sick Frenchmen
destruction of articular surfaces and masses of new bone around the
destruction of charters, and the use of troops produced in the colonies
destruction of the Prussian army at Jena and Auerstadt and the
destruction of the articular cartilage and exposure of the subjacent
destruction of the bank and the issuance of the "specie circular" of
destruction of the bank, a disordered currency, and a national panic.
destruction of wealth and of human lives.
destructive, and result from the formation of gummata, either in the
detached and hurriedly removed.
detached from the mechanism, swung about in an arbitrary and aimless
detached from the membrane and constitute loose bodies; they also
detached himself from earthly life. To love everything and everybody
detachment and Tula with its famous arsenal so indispensable to the
detachment passed along the road and quickly disappeared amid the
detachments did not dare to contemplate. The Cossacks and peasants who
detachments, and with Napoleon and his Guards in Moscow, is it
detachments, carts, guns, artillery, and again baggage wagons and
detail that they seemed now present, now past, and now future.
detailed biography of Napoleon and of certain people favorable or
details of the action and our losses. The general whose regiment had
details of the battle, no longer dim, but definite and in the
details, and the assurance of possessing it agitated and awed him.
determination he had "waged war on the bosses," and pushed through the
determination he had to give in, and stop while carriages passed in,
determination of Denisov who flourished his sword and shouted
determine the conditions under which Senators and Representatives from
determined, and absurdly self-confident as he was. Of all those
determined, manly, and magnanimous. She felt convinced of that.
determining the nature and condition of the wounds that have to be dealt
detonators and exploding them.
devastated by Russian and French troops. Because it was summer, when
develop _deafness_, which is usually bilateral and may become absolute.
develop in the peri-articular cellular tissue and result in abscesses.
developed on the shores of the Atlantic; and that the future belongs to
developed, and it degenerates if it is separated from its neuron.
developed, the attitude and general appearance are eminently
developed, the central slough with the surrounding vesicles and the
development of cancer, such as prolonged irritation, and a considerable
development of civil government, commerce, and industry.
development of endocarditis and internal metastases.
development of industry, the employer and capital investor were
development of the medial condyle of the humerus, and by cubitus valgus.
development of the primary sore, and the enlargement of the nearest
development, and as in true aneurysm, the pulsation and bruit disappear
develops rapidly after spinal injuries and in the course of certain
device, except analogy, and passed too boldly, it seemed to Prince
devil. I will come back to dinner, and we'll set to work. We will
devoid of freedom and entirely subject to the law of inevitability.
devoted to the affairs of his regiment and was considerate and kind to
devotion and that she was ready to do anything for him and for the
diabetes. In others there is sloughing of the flaps and death results
diagnosis: the cause must be removed, and the condition so modified as
diamonds and pearls on their bare necks and arms.
did McKinley assure the Filipinos that the institutions and laws
did Pierre cease to feel how sordid and humiliating were all mundane
did and perhaps never will happen."
did come, the very end?" Princess Mary sometimes thought. Night and
did for the common good turned out to be useless and foolish--like
did not answer her look, and her father's eyes said nothing but what
did not believe in medical treatment and did not value her life.
did not enfranchise a class that sought and understood power, but
did not extend to many. From politeness and to start conversation,
did not fall, something was still stretching out, and the candle
did not finish, and laughed at everything.
did not flatter her friend, the princess' eyes--large, deep and
did not let him and, on the other, Pierre himself feared to begin to
did not notice it at all and naively asked Balashev through what towns
did not once recur to her mind and were as if belonging to a remote
did not relish Zdrzhinski's conversation. "My stockings and shirt...
did not run naturally to abstruse economic questions; and owing to the
did not see the enemy on the other side of the river, and for a long
did not see those who, judging by the sound of hoofs and voices, had
did not then and do not now exist for those for whom the purpose of
did not weep or shudder and during these last days they themselves
did not wish to believe it and insisted on having it confirmed by
did not wish to obey her; but she resolutely and passionately demanded
did nothing but harmed nobody and was a first-rate, good-natured
did the proprietors and the governors who succeeded one another, in an
did was to enwich the pwiests' sons and thieves and wobbahs...."
did well and in that case badly. He behaved admirably at the beginning
didn't know the right charm. He catches him and catches him--no
died down. Rostov learned later that Russian and Austrian soldiers had
died of cold and want in the woods; finally, in its march from
died that same year and, as always happens, after the father's death
died, and how glad I am that he is alive again!" On one side of the
dies, as I always fear when her face is like that?" thought he, and
diet, improving the surroundings, and preventing deformity. Phosphorus
differ materially from the regular companies created for trade and
difference in their ages, but she felt herself to blame toward him and
difference there was between herself and her friend, and how
different Natasha entered, and his face expressed rapturous
different branches on the face, and pressure over one or other of these
different campaigns, and even in different fields of the same campaign.
different conjectures as to where and from what side the beast would
different directions, and a few minutes later the chief forces of
different from themselves and from everyone else, expected great
different individuals, and in the same individual under different
different joints is fairly constant and is determined by the anatomical
different rooms came together and crowded in the large drawing room by
different ways, and one of them, the Senate, was made a check on the
different, intimate, and natural relations sprang up between them.
different--an unpleasant character and has not the same
differentiate between a periosteal and a central tumour, either
differently. He collected all his strength, to stir and utter a sound.
differently. I would not be silly and afraid of things, I would simply
difficult and complicated; and he replied to his mother in cold,
difficult and important one, was entrusted to Dokhturov--that same
difficult by the retraction of the ends and by their adhesion to
difficult to imagine happier people, and that God only knew what would
difficult to master the fatigue of his old and feeble body.
difficult to reach some decision, first followed him and then ran
difficult, and I beg you all to help me. Brunn's attractions must be
difficulties--engineering, labor, and sanitary--the American forces in
difficulty in breathing usually takes place during the night, and once
difficulty in overcoming the infection than younger adults. Malarial and
difficulty.) Prince Bagration gave no further orders and silently
diffuse haziness or steaminess near the centre of the cornea, and as it
diffused a smell of perfume, and put it to Nesvitski's nose.
diffused throughout the skeleton--we have seen it in the skull and in
diffusing the organisms in the tissue, and is only to be employed under
digested fluid food, supplemented, if necessary, by nutrient enemata and
digested, and should include a full supply of milk. Alcohol is
digested, and strychnin and other stimulants may be of service. Locally
dilatation of a large superficial vein and its tributaries is the most
dilate, the skin becomes moist with a clammy sweat, and nausea with
dilated vein--for example in a pile--undergoes calcification, and is
diligently named. More than half the ladies already had partners and
dilute non-toxic B.I.P.P. (bismuth and iodoform 2 parts, vaseline 12
diluted toxins and the growth of the bone in length exaggerated. In
diminish its volume and force as to favour the deposition within the sac
diminish or add anything, but only to repeat it again and again. There
diminished and the formation of coagula favoured. Similarly, in wounds
diminished in size. When the nose is attacked, both the skin and mucous
diminishes and disappears; sensibility to extremes of temperature
diminishes the outflow of venous blood, and so may determine gangrene of
diminution in the size or tension of the swelling, and when the pressure
dimly burning among the French Guards, and in the distance those of
dimly felt that he could not overcome it and that his former gloomy
dimly through both their minds, and they realized that they were
dined alone--the countess had many visitors I do not like. I ate and
dined and given popular ovations that turned his head. He thought the
dining room and that Prince Michael Zakharych was in the library,
dining room where his daughter-in-law, Princess Mary, and Mademoiselle
dinner called the count aside and implored him with tears to take
dinner party at the Karagins', and Marya Dmitrievna took them there.
dinner, and warmly pressing his hand looked affectionately over his
dinner, but providing it and serving it all up, that's not their
dinnerless, had been whipped and sent to the village in quest of
dinners were dull and dreary when he was not there.
diplomacy were added to such chronicles of royal and princely doings.
diplomatists of the time (Joseph de Maistre and others) recognized.
diplomatists still firmly believed in the possibility of peace and
direct and mysterious reflection.
direct and relevant question which required a direct answer.
directed against it, the man sent there was this same irresolute and
directed his will to the fulfillment of the divine ends, and that
directed to one and the same threefold end: (1) to brace all his
directed to seeking the correlation of cause and effect in people's
directing its nations through Napoleons, Louis-es, and writers; but we
directing the march rode backward and forward between the carts. Their
direction and extent of its progress may be recognised by mapping out
direction backward and slightly upward against the brim of the pelvis,
direction from which the shouting came. He felt both frightened and
direction of spread of the abscess and the situation of resulting
direction toward the valley and disappearing one after another into
direction, and demands were sent from Petersburg for Kutuzov to take
directions about the fortification of the Kremlin, and drew up a
directions hoping to find food and escape discipline. In general
directions that they should all be removed to Kazan, and the things
directions, and deformed attitudes add to the disablement. The disease
directly in intensity with the amount of the poison introduced, and the
directly through the epiphysis and articular cartilage, or along the
directly to the surface by the firm fasciae and other fibrous structures.
director and prophet, Smith, first imprisoned by the authorities and
directs nor increases its movement foams ahead of it, and at a
disability, as other muscles enlarge and take on its functions.
disabling and unsightly (Fig. 160).
disadvantageous and dangerous path, where the old scent was familiar.
disagreeable to him. He replied. I flared up and said much that was
disappear and a single question, that of the closed door, superseded
disappeared during the night, but nothing was stolen; and as to the
disappeared into the forest, and Count Orlov-Denisov, having seen
disappears. This lesion is chiefly met with in drummer-boys and is the
disapproval and dislike of Kutuzov.
disc proliferates actively and irregularly, so that it becomes softer,
discerning, Prince, and understand people's characters so well at a
discharge from the sore, and are chiefly arranged in small groups or in
discharge is then foul and blood-stained, and the prepuce becomes of a
discharge is watery and blood-stained, and as a result of putrefactive
discharge which is sometimes foetid. The affection is a painful one and
discharge, and so prevents healing. Sooner or later pyogenic organisms
discharge, and, on the other, of removing more bone than is necessary.
discharge, instead of collecting in a closed cavity and forming an
discharged usually by accident, but frequently with suicidal, and
disciplinarian, and a gallant gentleman. Nevertheless he loved ease,
discipline and in the experience of regular troops. When the war broke
discipline and zeal in the service. He brought with him into our
discomfiture, came to town bringing rye, oats, and hay, and beat
discomfort, and impairment of the use of the limb. A ganglion is
disconcerted, and her look seemed to say: "Well, it is your own
discontentedly and frowning more and more.
discord, which there used not to be, and which, as Nicholas soon found
discordantly, arduously, and with great effort, evidently not
discourages arts and manufactures. The poor despise labor when performed
discover its resources, and lay out an overland route through the
discovered and the great fields of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota
discovered in the South and West. Coal deposits were found in the
discoveries and explorations in the Far Northwest. Their appearance in
discovering the laws of history lie, and that as yet not a millionth
discretion and understanding in military matters. Lord Cornwallis, whose
discrimination should be made between original holders and speculative
discriminations in rates, and prohibited other objectionable practices
discussed our interests like one family, and have rendered account
discussion and so Berg drew Pierre to it.
discussions that could lead to nothing--and he smiled joyfully as he
disdainful of everybody and who considered himself above them, was all
disease are well marked, and are best illustrated by the attitudes
disease from lympho-sarcoma and from lymphadenoma, and this is usually
disease is met with in men after middle life, and while common enough in
disease is recognised by the thickening and usually also by the curving
disease of the knee, and in the deltoid in disease of the shoulder. The
disease of the spine; over the end of the bone in amputation stumps, and
disease to become gangrenous, and for the death of tissue to extend
disease, and is due to infection with a virulent pus-forming bacillus,
disease, in which the muscles, tendons, and fasciae throughout the body
disease, it is acorn-shaped, fusiform, or cylindrical. It is firm and
disease, the relation between them and the tissues remains one of mutual
disease--_antitoxic serums_; the anti-streptcoccic and the serum for
disease. On the face it is most liable to be confused with syphilis and
disease. The ease and rapidity with which large masses of glands may be
disease. The sac may press upon the popliteal artery or vein and their
diseased and does not lend itself to reconstructive procedures.
diseases of the brain and spinal cord. The bones are liable to be
diseases such as trichiniasis and hydatid disease, the eosinophile
disengaging himself, the prince spurred his horse and rode down the
disfigurement caused by breaking down of the tuberculous tissue and
disfiguring scars, especially on the face. The palate and fauces may be
disgraceful had happened to his beloved daughter, and he so prized his
disgruntled critics and Whigs by conviction; but in 1852 Franklin
disguise, and involuntarily took a step back from the campfire.
disguised as Indians, boarded the hated tea ships and dumped the cargo
disguising their voices, bowed to their hostess and arranged
dish for her. "Well, my dear, and how are we getting on?" he asked,
dishonorable, in this marriage. He recalled her former words and looks
disillusioned about everything and told everyone that she did not
disillusionments?... His hopes for the future?... Yes and no. The
disinfect the walls of the cavity with eusol or hydrogen peroxide, and
disinfected and protected by sterilised gloves.
disinfected over a wide area and surrounded with towels; damaged tissue,
disinfection and drainage, and the constricting bandage applied to aid
disintegrated in the suppurative process, and the bleeding start
disintegration, and the infective material, by bursting into an adjacent
disjointed and awkward, as were all the words he spoke that day, and
disliked him and considered him conceited, cold, and disagreeable. But
disliked, caused by the Emperor's presence, he danced, and had
dislocation at the hip and flexion ankylosis at the knees; should the
dismal and attentive faces, whom the officers keeping order tried in
dismount and stab the wolf, when she suddenly thrust her head up
dismount each moment that the wolf crouched back, and starting forward
dismounted and walked up the hill on foot.
dismounted, and stopped beside the farthest of the four unlimbered
dismounted. He gave the reins to a Cossack, took off and handed over
disordered battalion and at the enemy, "what's that?"
disordered. The French cannon did not reach there and the musketry
disorganized and terrified mobs. The generals re-formed them, but
disorganized, I stopped in the road and thought: 'I'll let them come
dispatch and verbal instructions, galloped off to the General Staff
dispatch. "But Komarov and I"--he pointed to the Cossack--"were
dispersed, re-formed, and then moved with a hum of talk into the
dispersed. Pierre threw off his cloak and entered the first room, in
dispersing. It felt damp and cold, especially in clothes that were
displaced and dissociated by the overgrown endoneurium, undergo no
displacement are some disability at the elbow, and pain and tingling
displacement of the eye and paralysis of the ocular muscles.
displease you. However," he added rising, "you know my name and
dispose of Andros. The response was prompt and hearty. The hated
disposing of industrial controversies, and two years later Congress
dispositions and orders seem very bad, and every learned militarist
dispute between Venezuela and Great Britain.
disputing and vigorously gesticulating. The conversation was about
disputing, and joking began. When there were quarrels, his kindly
disquieting reports came from the seat of war and Natasha's health
disregarded in every part and public liberty and private right alike
disregarded the warnings of a blockading ship, were to be captured and
disregarded. We have begged and they have mocked when our calamity came.
dissatisfaction and reproach. "Old though he may be, he should not, he
dissatisfaction at the slowness of the pursuit and at the mistakes
dissatisfaction the agitation and fear he had betrayed before his
dissatisfaction, and perplexity? Who has not asked himself how it is
dissatisfaction, contempt, and ridicule, more and more strongly
dissatisfied about something and that at headquarters they were
dissatisfied and drowsy Kutuzov, who reluctantly played the part of
dissatisfied and inquiring expression at this stout man in a white
dissatisfied with him, and also that at the Emperor's headquarters
dissatisfied. For a long time, oaths, angry shouts, and fighting could
dissemination of cancer cells by way of the blood-stream and are to be
dissipation and the exercise of authority.
dissolute, weak old courtier, and by Russians as something indefinite-
dissolution, of the trusts. Like apostles in a new and lofty cause, the
distal parts being cold, devoid of sensation, and powerless. As the
distance and puckering the skin above his left eye, "malgre la haute
distance from the ossifying junction and to "point" away from it. They
distance lured one to itself. Pierre glanced up at the sky and the
distance, when he felt the contact of the fresh air and heard the
distant, and it may be to all, parts of the body. When the infection is
distended with a viscous fluid, and the fibrinous material on the free
distended with fluid and the whole limb is oedematous.]
distilled water, 40 ounces, and applied over the whole of the reddened
distillers to evade their taxes and received heavy bribes in return. A
distinct in his dream) that he was talking of goodness and the
distinctions of all kinds. He was not mean, and did not refuse
distinguish themselves, to cut off, to seize, to capture, and to
distinguished Boston clergyman to his Southern brethren, "and we will
distinguished and intellectual men, who seemed to vie with one another
distinguished and older visitors. They now, stretching themselves
distinguished dignitary and a Swiss who had formerly been tutor at the
distinguished from inflammation of its sheath, and give it the name
distinguished part in the framing and the adoption of the Constitution.
distinguished, important, and well informed forgathered when the
distorted, and when cancellated bone is struck they become embedded in
distortion and deformity which, in the case of the fingers, is extremely
distortion of the truth, it was quickly dramatized and played in every
distractedly and screwed up his eyes as if dazzled by the sun. He
distraction and recreation, and even at home did nothing but play
distractions lasted only a moment, and for eight hours the men had
distress, and by the embarrassed faces of Sonya and Marya
distribute it in the United States without permission and
distribute it in the United States without permission and
distribution. Their rice, cotton, and tobacco, in as far as they were
districts of Pennsylvania, Virginia, and North Carolina, they refused to
disturbance of nutrition, and attended with changes in the skeleton.
disturbances of metabolism as are associated with diabetes and Bright's
disturbances. It is rare to have complete sensory and motor paralysis.
disunion." South Carolina announced that the day for talk had passed and
diversification of crops. Under slavery, tobacco, rice, and sugar were
diverted from New Orleans to the East and Eastern credit sustained
divided opinion of the country it was "good politics" to be vague and
divided over issues between 1865 and 1896?
dividing the deep fascia behind the medial condyle and to stitch the
dividing the living from the dead lies uncertainty, suffering, and
dividing the scar, correcting the deformity, and filling up the gap with
divine authority of the kings and the "fate" of the ancients, to reach
divinity who could not be pictured, and of whom he never thought
division was a mile and a quarter away and would receive Balashev
division, would be of any use or no. Danger, cannon balls, and bullets
divisions) of the cervical nerves, the fifth, or the fifth and sixth
divorce and remarriage during a husband's lifetime, and the priest
do and to do quickly. Glowing with the heat and from running, he
do anything for public welfare not forbidden by the Constitution and the
do but cry "Vive l'Empereur!" and go to fight, in order to get food
do for him?" he thought, and opening the door he let the boy pass in
do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil....
do no worse by moving.... You farmers talk of free trade and protection
do not acknowledge such a power, and therefore before speaking about
do not know the nature of gold, so universal historians and historians
do not, and never did, like Speranski personally, but I like justice!"
do the best he could for himself and his army, as he had done
do this for my son--and I shall always regard you as a benefactor,"
do to take young ladies and house serfs to the Three Hills quarter
do), but all this had long been familiar to her, and now that
do, completely do, and undo these scoundrels."
do; on the contrary it gave her an unnatural, and therefore
do? They tied a policeman and the bear back to back and put the bear
dock-labourers, and navvies. In these classes the condition usually
dock-yards, and other needful buildings;--and
doctor bent down over the wound, felt it, and sighed deeply. Then he
doctor from Moscow who was expected every moment, and men on horseback
doctor with a bow and approached them silently and with a look of
doctor's wife, who was calling him her deliverer, and recalling with a
doctors became respectfully silent as he passed by, and moved to
doctors, lawyers, farmers, miners, and laborers from the four corners of
doctrine hostile to nationality and fraught with terrible meaning for
document setting forth the reasons for the act, and on July 2 all the
documents in small rooms. The higher authorities and the police
documents, and rising heavily and smoothing out the folds in his fat
does for theology, ethics, and philosophy. History surveys a
does not love liberty and equality? Even our Saviour preached
does not prove that the conquerors caused the wars and that it is
does not quite see it; more particularly as it is he and his corps who
doesn't see it. Fighting again... A woman with a baby, and not
dog that lay at his feet, and again turning over he fell asleep
doing a little--though I did very little and did it very badly? What
doing for him, and of course I am glad of it. He is a fine lad, a fine
doing was a pleasure to herself and to all around her. "I have brought
doing well where you are and can safeguard the future of your children
doing!" said the officer and rode off.
doing. He smiled at the recollection of that time and of his love
dollars invested in factories alone and five million wage-earners
dollars, to be fixed by general order. This provision, so crass and so
domestic and foreign, collected at some city like Providence, New York,
domestic arrangements.) "And it's such a beauty! It pulls out and
domestic production and cut down the carrying trade. Defeated in their
domestic species and in wild animals in the natural state such as the
domestics, and New Jersey early followed these examples. New York, in
don't go out to them. It's all a trick," said Dunyasha, "and when
don't know what will happen and don't want to know, and can't, but
don't like Anna Mikhaylovna and I don't like Boris, but they were
don't wish to let the mistress leave the estate, and threaten to
donation to Project Gutenberg, and how to get involved.
donation to Project Gutenberg, and how to get involved.
done and her face was animated, which, however, did not conceal its
done in a tone of weariness and assurance, as if he were adding
done in the conversion of blood-clot into granulation tissue, and this
done mainly in small herds, with winter corrals, and then the cowboy's
done that though badly and to a small extent; but I have done
done to American ships and goods. For a long time Great Britain was
done with jests and to come to business. He involuntarily looked round
done, and all were trying to calm one another.
done. All the generals, officers, and soldiers of the French army knew
door and took the boy back to the nursery. Five minutes later little
door on tiptoe and listened, as he lighted one pipe after another.
door opened, and Anatole entered, stooping and trying not to brush
door rows of brightly lit boxes in which ladies sat with bare arms and
door which was hidden by curtains, struck her head against it, and
door, and added in a whisper so that her son should not hear, "Wish me
door, and it seemed to her that his mutterings were louder than
door. And that sphinx had the pale face and shining eyes of the very
doors and made large grants of land to American contractors, who agreed
doors. Pierre rose, rubbed his eyes, and seeing the pistol with an
dorsal aspect, and, according to the distribution and extent of the
dorsal flexion, and thus improve the attitude and grasp of the hand.
dose of anti-tetanic serum is injected. The tourniquet is removed and
dotted here and there among the thickly settled regions, added to the
double purse and, drawing its rings aside with his small, white,
doubt fell from him. He was glad, and at the same instant began to
doubted that the Shevardino Redoubt was the left flank of our and
douching and gentle massage may be employed to disperse the oedema; and
douching should be employed, and the tendon should be protected from
down again and her lips puckered.
down and called to his orderly.
down as far as the knee; and if the vessel is sharply percussed a fluid
down at the old man with moist, shining, and ecstatic eyes, "I say, do
down her broad neck and the corners of her mouth drooped.
down in her armchair and called Natasha and the count to her.
down in pendulous folds. Blisters form on the surface and yield an
down on a sofa in a far corner of the room. He closed his eyes and
down the boots and drawing his sword, moved threateningly toward
down the hill. He knew all this and therefore waited calmly for what
down the room, pondering over his vicious past, and with a rapturous
down their muskets and went on their knees. 'Pardon!' they say. That's
down to earth and told us that this life is but for a moment and is
down to the deepest part of the ulcer and so prevents closure. While
down, and the information received of the movements of the French
down, but when Princess Mary had drawn the blinds and was going away
downcast eyes and pondered. A husband, a man, a strong dominant and
downcast head; and he began to pace the room, glancing occasionally at
downhill and uphill, across a ryefield trodden and beaten down as if
downwards, a wax taper had been thrust between forefinger and thumb,
dozen families of the gentry and a few score of tradesmen. Inland county
dozens of police officers and even the police master himself stood
draft army created, huge loans floated, heavy taxes laid, and the spirit
dragged home with him, and Berg who spent whole days at the Rostovs'
dragging away the last logs from the huts and barns. Then they rode
dragoons, something confused happened there amid the smoke, and five
drags on and on. He asks too much."
drain the side of the head and auricle. These three groups pour their
drained by them in the head and neck and in the extremities.
drains the top and back of the head; it is rarely infected. _The
drama of democracy--a challenge to every form of government and every
drank during those days, the absence of wine and cigars, his dirty
drank moderately and after dinner copied out some passages for the
drastic in spirit and in letter. It placed the enforcement of its terms
drastic laws in the summer of 1798: the Alien and Sedition Acts.
draughts I have one man less and go on exchanging, I shall certainly
drawing paper; I said, "I drew that," and he answered by bowing his
drawing room and still less how to leave one; that is, how to say
drawing room, almost all the company had assembled, and the
drawing room, flushed and beaming with a more than cordial smile.
drawing room, something flew out from a side door like a tornado and
drawing up a proposal for a reform of the army rules and regulations.
drawn and forecasts as to the further progress of the war. In this
drawn and, as it seemed to her, piteous face in her glass. It seemed
drawn up, and in 1919 a national conference on the subject was held in
dream) of marrying to her brother, and who was at that time in
dreams and hopes that had been on the point of awakening within her
dreams, and hopes of happiness or goodness, in Prince Andrew's
dress and took a long time settling into her place.
dress her would prolong their banter and insistence. She flushed,
dress puffed out like a balloon, and, flushed and smiling, plumped
dress were heard in the room. Natasha looked round at her, and then,
dress with two fingers, and blowing and shaking something off it, as
dress, transparent over her shoulders and bosom. The abbe, a
dressed and did her hair, her ill-chosen words, and her jealousy-
dressed as possible. Sonya and her mother put themselves entirely in
dressed up in clothes as variegated and expensive as possible, and
dressers, and nurses. The habitual use of gloves has also been adopted
dresses and say, "I am so delighted... Mamma's health... and
dresses, and the bowing and scraping. Everything was just as everybody
dressing and so was the countess, but Natasha, who had bustled about
dressing gown and fez, his face distorted with fury and the pupils
dressing gown, spectacled and wigless, shouting in an angry voice.
dressing station or a doctor for the cadet, and sat down by a
dressing, and yet the question he was always putting off demanded an
dressings and bandage are then applied, with the limb in the attitude
dressings and properly adjusted splints. If there is reason to fear that
dressings are more highly and more uniformly absorbent than cotton
drew himself up, a smile of debonair gallantry lit up his face and
drew in his legs and sat up, seeking a firm center of gravity. He
dried and warmed themselves, cooked their porridge for the first
dried bread and put a little dripping. The pleasant odor of greasy
dries up, and the shrivelled brown skin is slowly separated by the
drinking and, as he unbuttoned his waistcoat, of abusing the
drive her, sat perched up high on the box and did not so much as
drive home to supper with Denisov, Natasha, and Sonya, and will
drive the border states into secession, and that the Northern soldiers
driven back to the Kolocha and could get no farther; while the
driven back, and the redoubt was only taken at the end of the battle
driven to the use of brown wrapping paper and wall paper. As the
driver or running down a pedestrian, and flying at full gallop through
driver sat a venerable old attendant. A doctor and two soldiers
drivers and hovels of the Sivtsev Vrazhok, those old Moscovites who
droplets of fat derived from the marrow, and in some cases minute
droplets, cholestrol crystals, and detached hairs. Delicate hairs may
dropped with little noise within two steps of Prince Andrew and
dropping him, carried the infant round the battered tin font and
drops and again went up to the cot.
drove in their carts to pillage the town, and in general personally
drowned and obscured the voices of those who were disputing honestly.
drummer boy and felt a pang in his heart. But this uneasiness lasted
drummer boy, to whom Denisov had had some mutton and vodka given,
drummer, their leader, turned round facing the singers, and
drunk and on a spree. One, a tall, fair-haired lad in a clean blue
drunk three bottles of wine with him and, despite the jolting ruts
dry absorbent dressings are applied and frequently changed. It is
dry and shrivelled, and as the skin is usually intact, infection does
dry. Natasha suddenly shrank into herself and involuntarily assumed an
dubiously, and without communicating to the generals around him the
duct and all the chyle escapes, the patient suffers from intense thirst,
due to hyperaemia of its blood vessels, and result from scorching by
due to pyogenic and tuberculous infectious, and they show a marked
due to stasis from mechanical over-distension of the veins and
due weight and consideration in political arrangements.... The
dug ditches through the length and breadth of that great region which
dull ashy grey, the nose pinched, and the skin cold and clammy.
dull-white colour, and vary greatly in size and shape. There may be an
dull. They were quietly dropping melted wax into snow and looking at
dumb, swung his foot, and smilingly examined the princess' hair. It
duodenal ulcers, and in bleeders.
duration depending upon the size, depth, and asepticity of the raw area.
duration, and the central scarring with peripheral extension of the
during a battle, where it is a question of life and death) influence
during her father's illness, since his death, and especially since her
during rest and in active movement (Fig. 36). In a fresh specimen, such
during the spasms, and may become exceedingly rapid and feeble before
during the summer, and on September 5 the Congress duly assembled in
during the war and especially the proletarian revolution in Russia in
during their attendance at the sessions of their respective Houses, and
during which the cannon balls and shells all flew overhead, but
dusky red or purple colour, and may finally slough, exposing the glans.
dust, stood before a looking glass and brushed the hair on his temples
duties and through a British merchant's hands paying the usual
duties and to suppress robbery.
duties on imports, to be collected this time by state officers and
duties, by rendering him arbitrary and aristocratic, and tends to beget,
duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the
duties, seem certainly less free and more subject to necessity than
duty and did not return to her the whole evening.
duty of maintaining the rights of the United States and its citizens and
duty, an officer who struck Prince Andrew by his humiliated and
duty. The Emperor is gracious, and I shan't forget you if you
dwell on it long. "Yes, it was a very brilliant ball," and then...
dwindled into a vexatious guerrilla warfare lasting three years and
dying man's high, stout, uncovered chest and powerful shoulders,
dying, alone among strangers and unable to send news of himself. The
dying, but to do everything possible to take his son to him, and so
eBook and Project Gutenberg at the bottom of this file.  Included is
eBook and Project Gutenberg at the bottom of this file.  Included is
eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter (free!).
eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter (free!).
each State, elected by the people thereof, for six years; and each
each bore and hid their grief in their own way. The old prince would
each day, either two hours at a time or twice a day for one hour, and,
each mile of railway, and a loan up to fifty millions of dollars secured
each of the last two years, and he did not know how the rest, about
each of them again training two others and all being closely united,
each other intimately. Prince Andrew spoke with some animation and
each phenomenon comprehended, and therefore man's every action, must
each section in the ribs and telling him to hold his hand up. Soldiers
each side of the open door and the carriage steps waiting to help
each to citizens and aliens who declared their intention of becoming
eager face to Prince Andrew, smiled, and waved his hand.
eagerly and rather disdainfully, not resting on anything although
eagerly seized by the planters as they came more and more to overshadow
eagerness and briskness presented a marked contrast to the
ear and gave a peculiar significance to the spectacle, as music does
earlier than cancer of the skin; cancer of the uterus and mamma is more
early as possible and be perseveringly employed to diminish the
early efforts being directed to the alleviation of shock and the
early occurrence of severe neuralgic pain, and this is usually
early one morning and, with a pleasant smile, respectfully asked his
early stages and when the infection is limited are local measures
early, and is much more dangerous to life.
early, said his prayers, dressed, and, with an unpleasant
ears from the beginning of the meal and was certain that there was
ears, a dimness in his eyes, and like a man plunged into water he lost
ears, and now again drawn out in a thin line the musketeers were
ears, and the nose. In this country it is seldom seen except in members
ears. Dunyasha, her maid, entered the room quickly and abruptly with a
earth was cut out to a breadth of about two and a half feet, and
earth, but knew there were laws directing its movement and that of the
earth. It was clearing, and over the tops of the trees clouds were
earth; but the broad empire of Britain was open to American ships and
ease his last moments by not letting him commit this injustice, and
ease, and said not at all what he had prepared, but what, quite
easiest and most direct descent and ascent to the brook separating
easily and surely recognized, Lavrushka was not in the least abashed
easily and well, he felt a difficulty in expressing himself now
easily attack instead of being attacked, and so render the whole of
easily collected and little felt among the masses. To this expectation
easily killed. The effect varies a good deal with the nature and seat of
easily ruptured, and the middle coat contains a smaller proportion of
easily, Dolokhov climbed carefully and slowly through the window and
east and from the east to the west form the essence and purpose of
east to west and for the refixing of national frontiers as Kutuzov had
eastern branches, one starting at Philadelphia, one at Baltimore, and
eastward explained by the activity of Louis XIV, XV, and XVI, their
easy it was for them to make their purchase in this country and ship by
easy to use words having a still less definite meaning, and which
eating oats from their movable troughs and sparrows flew down and
eburnation and grooving of articular surfaces.
echoed by the people. Then and there James Otis sounded the call to
economic and political tendencies to draw America away from the English
economic conditions, and that certain relations of population to
economic historian, "was a workshop where the women spun and wove the
economies and good management, but by extortion from purchasers.
economized if it is to last. Prince Vasili knew this, and having
ecstatic childish state of love for all men, and consequently of
eczema of the scalp, and otorrhoea; and it is possible that this indolent
edge and spreading at another like tuberculous lupus, but distinguished
edge extends in a wider and wider circle, within which a healing process
edge of the dam, throwing two soldiers off their feet, and ran onto
edges is occupied by blood-clot, which consists of red and white
edges should then be freely scraped with a sharp spoon, and the
edges, which become pale and sodden. The term "proud flesh" is popularly
edifying. As to the last meeting between father and son, it was so
editorials, rhymes, satires, and political catechisms. They declared
education, and life--that made his personality what it was and from
educational opportunities; and political disabilities. In France also
effect on everyone, smiled and, evidently unmoved by what had been
effect on him; on the contrary, they stimulated his energy and
effect on the old general. He carefully and hastily felt himself all
effect their safety and happiness. Here was the prelude to the historic
effect upon existing trusts and upon the formation of new combinations
effect. They voluntarily entered the union under the Constitution and
effected on the 22nd instant, and both armies with their united forces
effected the dangerous crossing of the Straits of Dover and captured
effective. The first and most easily administered was the ingenious
effects more certainly and with greater intensity than when they are
effects. Carbolic acid was the first antiseptic agent he employed, and
efferent vessels from the femoral and superficial inguinal glands. The
efficiently prepared. The local and general reactions may be slight,
effort and sinking down again into her former position.
effort and the French would be destroyed. But neither the French nor
effort not to throw the child down and ran with her to the large
effort to go near him. When he did so and heard the subdued moaning
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
effort, and stress, like the opening of a door grown rusty on its
efforts exhausted and six thousand men sacrificed to defend it till
efforts had been expended. He knew that it was a lost battle and
efforts of the old count, and instead of being degraded to the ranks
efforts to capture organized labor and seeing that the gains in
efforts to identify, transcribe and proofread public domain
efforts to identify, transcribe and proofread public domain
efforts to stop "the present suicidal and destructive policy of
efforts vain; but the party call to the nation to repudiate Lincoln and
efforts with which he moved his tongue made her drop her eyes and with
efforts, they accepted the inevitable and turned to manufacturing. Soon
effusion into the joint, or it may erupt on the periosteal surface and
effusion of blood, the skin is tense, and the muscles, vessels, and
effusion of fluid into the sheath, the swelling is more marked and
eh? Yes, a nice stepmother little Nicholas will have! Write and tell
eight inches deep, and eight feet long. At one end of the trench,
eight, between 1865 and 1900.
eight-hour day and modern safeguards for life and health. There were
eighteen inches and kept in this position for five minutes--till the
eighteenth century and the outbreak of the Revolution were in bondage.
eighteenth century the pioneers of Connecticut had pushed north and west
eighty-nine leading men and women representing six states. Accounts of
eighty-three books and pamphlets to his credit. In cooperation with the
either," she said. "And I will go and tell her it is no use
elastic, and usually painless. The movements are impaired, especially if
elastic, sharply defined, without tenderness and without discoloration
elasticity, become hard and paralysed, and anaesthesia of the "glove" or
elbow with a vigorous movement. The Emperor's mild and handsome face
elbow. Partial displacement and mobility at the ossifying junction may
elbows on the table and, with a look of nervous agitation such as
elderly face, and she took the money from under the handkerchief.
elect the directors and the directors, in turn, choose a business
election and then withdrawing it. The drift was inevitable, and the
election of 1880. A still greater drop came four years later and the
elections were frequently held in the open air and the poll was taken by
elections were very meager, broke away from both trade unionism and
elections, and two years later they were decisively beaten in the
elective and conferring American citizenship upon the inhabitants of the
electoral vote stood 277 to 254. The result was regarded, and not
electoral votes, and his party, while retaining possession of the House
electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by ballot for
electrode applied to the spine, and the negative over the affected nerve
elements and with a marked tendency to undergo caseation.
elements are diffused over the peritoneum, and may give rise to
elements of the vessel wall are destroyed by suppuration, and the
elements succumb, and the process for the time being is a destructive
elevation of the limb. The skin becomes rough and warty, and may hang
elevation of the part, and firm pressure applied by means of a thick pad
eliminate the conflict between capital and labor by making workingmen
eliminate undeserved poverty, industrial diseases, unemployment, and the
eloquence and unrestrained irritability to which spoiled people are so
eloquent, nor could I frankly mention my doubts to the Brothers and to
eloquently and with originality.
else was crying. Prince Andrew kissed him and evidently did not know
else, and in the course of the dispute drew from his side pocket a
else. A woman sacrifices herself for you, she suffers, and this is her
elsewhere. Order after order order and plan after plan were issued
elsewhere. The captain went out into the porch and gave some orders in
emaciated face and a particularly happy light in his eyes, "you
emaciated, pale, and feverish, and gradually loses strength until he
emaciation, and weakness, and may die of inanition; but if, as is
emanated from the man who gave it or from the Emperor and whether it
emanations and the reaction produced. The object aimed at is to induce
emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations, and claims
embankment, to celebrate the signing of peace with the Turks, and
embarrassment and awkwardness on his part in her presence,
embarrassment, but then he suddenly jumped up and cried: "Be off, be
embarrassment, her own face expressed confusion and suspicion.
embolism, and metastatic suppurations in the kidneys, heart-wall, and
embolism, and, like senile gangrene, which it may closely simulate in
embolus at its bifurcation, the obstruction of the iliacs and femorals
embrace him, cling to him, and make him look at me with those
embraced Mavra Kuzminichna and Vasilich, who were to remain in Moscow,
embraced Princess Mary and kissed her.
embraced her, and with unexpected strength raised her, turned her face
embraced him and lifting his spectacles kissed his friend on the cheek
embraced him, congratulated him, and pressed his hands. Crowds of
embraced that slender supple figure and felt her stirring so close
emerging from the gates of the yards and moving along the streets.
emigration of leucocytes, transudation of lymph, and certain
eminences unduly prominent; the bridge of the nose sunken and rounded;
eminent men just quoted was acknowledged by several great companies and
emissaries to neighboring towns, and carried on a campaign of education
emotional and softened mood he went out of the hut in which he was
emperor, kings, and princes who had deserved it, reprimanded the kings
emphatically stated that there is no hard-and-fast line between innocent
empire and its defeated satellites: Austria-Hungary, Bulgaria, and
empire. To the north and west were the French, ambitious, energetic,
employed. The tension is relieved and death of skin prevented by scoring
employees of little power and means on a level with their employers in
employer and the individual employee standing alone. The great
employers and the general public, raising up against itself a vigorous
employers, sought to enlist their cooperation and support. It affiliated
employing class have nothing in common" and that trade unions only
employing torsion, the end of the vessel is caught with forceps, and the
employment of artificial respiration, have proved futile, and are, by
empowered to inquire into the methods of corporations and lodge
emptied, and if pressure is then made over the region of the saphenous
empty and that the serfs continued to give in money and work all
empty it of impure blood, and so make room for a fresh supply of healthy
empty, he looked angrily at his informant, turned away, and silently
emptying perceptibly and rising still higher and his head tilting
empyema, which have opened externally, and have thereby become infected
enable the packer, miller, and speculator to hold on to their produce
enabling it to resist the blood-pressure and so prevent rupture, but, if
enact such laws and regulations as may be necessary for their own
enacted and approved, null and void, on the ground that they were
enacted and the Supreme Court, after the death of John Marshall, had
enacted previous to the close of the French and Indian war. Relatively
enamel, dentine, and cement. The tumour is to be regarded as being
encapsulated and vascular, frequently attain a large size, and may be
enchanting, and great man! Let us drink to his health and to the
encounter and to preserve his troops, the massacre of the broken mob
encounter this hostile, and still more this disrespectful, application
encounters the monuments and tradition of that period.
encourage the emancipation of slaves and their return to Africa. James
encroaches on the cavity of the joint and gives rise to adhesions, and
end he gave me a notebook, the one I am now writing in and in which
end of his effort and the cause was in the hands of Congress. Humanity,
end of the femur, the upper end of the tibia, and the bones of the
end of the tibia and the lower end of the femur; the other bones of the
end of the xiphi-sternum; when the sternum and cartilages form a
end of three weeks massage and exercises are employed.
end, in this way ensuring a better hold and preventing the ligature from
end. Out of the bushes came the huntsman who had been fighting and
endangered, it is advisable to expose the injured vessel, and, after
endeavors and entreaties. Soon after Anna Pavlovna's reception Anna
endeavoured to incorporate only such additions to our knowledge and
endeavours to save himself by clutching at some projection, and the
endemic in Samoa, Barbadoes, and other places. It attacks the lower
endless wrangling and wounded, as Washington had been, by savage
endocarditis, empyema, meningitis, or peritonitis, and frequently has a
endothelial cells, and connective-tissue corpuscles.
endure her troubles uncomplainingly and that her husband was a cross
enemies, and with whom? With Steins, Armfeldts, Bennigsens, and
enemy lazily and advanced and again halted, receiving no timely orders
enemy with such a desperate cry and such mad, drunken determination
enemy's main line of communications and nothing but a surrender or an
enemy's troops. The weather had cleared again since noon and the sun
enemy, and that feeling gives a particular glamour and glad keenness
enemy, had taken prisoners, and once had even captured Marshal
enemy; and though the big hospitals and the houses in Krems
energetic men ready to develop them, and then to leave the rest to the
energetic steps of her sturdy little legs, and having examined the
energetic, persevering men who have drilled wells, plowed fields, and
energies toward building and operating ships to carry produce from
energy and unheard-of rapidity toward the goal they had fixed on.
energy, and immense number of the delving insects prove that despite
engagement to Prince Andrew, and knew that the Rostovs had lived in
engine, and the oak, I shall not discover the cause of the bells
engineered them would alone fill a large and interesting volume.
engorgement and infiltration of the synovial membrane, and an effusion
engrossed the general attention, and Anna Pavlovna felt that the
enjoyable!" was what the face of each soldier and each officer
enjoyed yesterday's ball, and asked when he was leaving. Though
enjoyed, and he was beginning to make plans for marrying one of the
enjoying the favors of a very important personage and Boris had only
enjoyment and happiness here on earth: toiling, suffering, struggling,
enjoyment by sympathy with anyone's sorrow," she felt, and she said to
enlarged and painful. In severe cases the symptoms merge into those of
enlarged bursae, synovial cysts, and new-growths are the swellings most
enlarged cancellous spaces are opened into and an eroded and worm-eaten
enlarged in all directions and project on the face, and the nasal fossae
enlarged upon with Pierre, and which had filled his solitude at
enlarged, with pain and tenderness on pressure; in others there are the
enlargement in the neck which attends tonsillitis and other forms of
enlighten, and raise him. But as soon as he thought of what he
enlisted for the war. Nearly all of them were well disciplined and many
enormous and brilliant comet of 1812--the comet which was said to
enormous number of troops and guns, and came to a high knoll where
enormous tail and mane and a bleeding mouth, rode a young officer in a
enormously high study door opened and showed the figure of a rather
enough for her to love and know she was beloved, she wanted now, at
enriched by the fur trade of the Far West and the steamboat traffic of
enrolled from our people and starting to join the army. You should
ensue resemble in character those in other tissues, and the extent of
ensued and Congress adjourned without making provision for the army.
entangled. It seemed to her mother and Sonya that Natasha was in
entanglements of life, he was living so calmly and quietly. He felt
enter first. He walked shyly and awkwardly over the parquet floor of
entered the League or not, it could not close its doors to the world and
entered the ballroom. First came Marya Dmitrievna and the count,
entered the drawing room and seeing Anatole went up to him.
entered the hall, took off her fur cloak, and, beside Sonya and in
entered the service at the age of sixteen, had been in Paris and
entered, and after glancing over his spectacles at Balashev's face,
entered, and it was death, and Prince Andrew died.
entered... "and success."
entering the anteroom and inquired timidly and softly whether the
enterprise. The cotton and sugar lands of Louisiana, opened by French
enters a stuffy room, so a whiff of youthfulness, energy, and
enters, the sensation of fear and respect which the old man inspired
enthusiasm and other historians with profound respect, were as
enthusiasm and spoke of it as Plutarch speaks of the deeds of the
enthusiasm could not bear to remain inactive and has left the
enthusiast had become her social vocation and, sometimes even when she
enthusiastic haste packing their belongings and preparing for their
entire army along the Krems-Znaim road. Bagration's exhausted and
entire cotton crop. Having both the raw materials and the power at hand,
entire crop in exchange for goods and cash. His fine clothes,
entirely local and depend for their severity on the environment of the
entirely of men and women known for the freedom of their conduct.
entitled; and took over the management of the entire business. Such was
entrance may be inverted, and those of the exit wound everted. If the
entrance which was carpeted with red baize, and not only gendarmes but
entrance, after scrutinizing the mother and son (who without asking to
entrance. He went down that staircase and out into the yard. No one
entreaty, a threat, and above all conviction that she would herself
entrenchments looked out just as menacingly, and the unlimbered cannon
entrenchments there by the twenty fifth and that those begun on the
enumerated, and the restrictions upon the states had been written into
enveloped in those beams, he heard his voice, that kindly, calm, and
envious looks which had followed him out from both sides, and the face
envious. Man's future and thy own fate must remain hidden from thee,
envy, earthly love, or desire, and reaching at last the place where
epaulets and high boots and shakos.
epidermis becomes scaly and is shed, giving rise to superficial ulcers
epidermis being red and glazed, or warty, and irregularly fissured.
epidermis proliferates and forms a small cyst. They are met with chiefly
epidermis, where it has been exposed to prolonged friction and pressure.
epidermis, which grows downwards, pressing upon and displacing the
epigastrium and lower intercostal spaces. The hoarseness becomes more
epilation may occur without destroying the hair follicles and the hairs
epiphysis and destruction of the articular surfaces or dislocation of
epithelioma and melanotic cancer are the forms met with. Treatment
epithelioma originates at the skin orifice of the sinus, and spreads to
epithelium of the enamel organ, and constitutes a multilocular cystic
epithelium, and they invade the sub-epithelial connective tissue in the
epithelium, and, as a rule, from one of a similar type, although
epithelium, fibrin, leucocytes, and red blood corpuscles, begin to
epithelium, fluid fat, and hair. If the cyst ruptures, the epithelial
epithelium. The contents consist of accumulated epithelial cells, and
equal enjoyment of inns, theaters, public conveyances, and places of
equal work and gave official recognition to the value of their services
equally remarkable. Royal officers and royal authorities were driven
equally zealous opposition and in 1830 he was overthrown. The popular
equino-varus--and trophic sores are liable to form.
equino-varus. Pressure sores and perforating ulcer of the foot are the
equipment employed, and so on--mistaking these for the real
equipped himself with a mental telescope and looked into remote space,
equitable distribution of wealth and greater equality of opportunity
equivalent to that of an acid cauterisation, and on those round the
er my breath to keep up my spirits and feeling that I was thoroughly earning my fifty-guinea fee.
erosion of cartilage, caries of the articular surfaces, and
err, and in nothing more than in what they consider right and wrong."
errors in diagnosis. _Cerebro-spinal meningitis_ and _basal meningitis_
eruption, the papules being of large size, with a smooth shining top and
erupts through the shell and reaches the periosteal surface or invades
erysipelas invades the mucous membrane of the mouth, and spreads to the
esaul and the Cossacks rode past Petya and Denisov. When they had
esaul one saw that he was as comfortable and as much at ease as always
esaul's and Denisov's, unable to make out what it all meant.
escape, and Bagration's four thousand men merrily lighted campfires,
escaped capture at Ulm and had joined Kutuzov at Braunau now separated
escort collected his men and with shouts and quarrels forced his way
especially among women and children, was found to be the low wages paid
especially by contrast with his own dejection and hopelessness)--at
especially during cold and damp weather. There is localised pain which
especially if one had to be punished, he always felt undecided and
especially if there is a tendency to sickness and the patient is not
especially in the South and the West. Its notes drove out of circulation
especially muscle, is removed with the knife or scissors, and foreign
especially of the face, feet, and hands. The skin is moist with a cold,
especially of the fifth, or fifth and sixth, anterior branches.
especially on the face. The dressing and the after-treatment are the
especially the congenital variety which grows from the periosteum, and
especially the sterno-mastoid and trapezius. The patient is inclined to
especially the trapezius and latissimus, are the first to be affected,
especially urea and uric acid, and in calcium salts, while sodium
essence of life, and the laws defining that essence.
essence of life--love--was still active within her. Love awoke and
essence's being revealed, and were designed only to form a channel
essential for him to go to Petersburg, and even to re-enter the
essential in defending the colonies against the Spanish, Dutch, and
essential. It would prevent interstate tariffs and trade jealousies; it
establish a sound and uniform currency. If such an institution was
establish and maintain bonds of permanent unity with our kinsmen across
establish them, and who wanted to trade without official interference.
established by Hutchinson. It occurs between the ages of six and sixteen
established by the Missouri Compromise, and then carried back into his
established in 1634 under a Catholic nobleman, Lord Baltimore, and
established in 1858, and more than ten days for the swift pony express,
established, and in the meantime preparations for operation should be
establishment?" he asked again in French, looking around and meeting
estate and will keep it; you won't require it. We'll go into the
estate near Moscow, and I promise you I will see to it that there
estates and the growth of a large body of small farmers or freeholders
estates came to beg him to buy them, and long after his death the
estates he at once unerringly appointed as bailiff, village elder, and
estates, far wider in expanse than many a European barony and tilled by
estates. They were bound to pay the owner a rent in money and kind; they
estrangement, and ridicule with which troops of different arms usually
eternity; again the question: for what? presented itself; and he
evacuated Philadelphia in the summer following the alliance, and
evanescent pains (growing pains), and of feeling tired and disinclined
eve of a battle, when troubled by anxious curiosity and irresistibly
even a complete joint may be transplanted, and unite by primary union.
even all foreigners from Moscow, and that there had been some spies
even brighter than before. The light was so strong and the snow
even given him a reputation for bravery, and there was something he
even in imagination at this still and mystic hour of night. And
even less than the frightened and bewildered Mitenka. The conversation
even more vigorous and alert than he had done the day before. Only his
even on numbers, and least of all on position."
even ought to go straight to him and give the message Dolgorukov had
even to 106 o F., and assumes a pyaemic type. The pulse becomes rapid and
even under his weight alone. The men looked at him and pressed to
even with the help of the X-rays, and their nature is seldom recognised
evening and advanced during the night. It was an autumn night with
evening dress, and a few here and there with powdered hair and in
evening in advance of him, and he and his son arrived next day.
evening parties. Berg and Vera could not repress their smiles of
evening. Denisov himself intended going with the esaul and Petya to
evenings and dinner parties, where politics, poetry, and philosophy
evenings for years, she regretted Julie's presence and having no one
event of a Russian defeat, everything became clear, and in all corners
event, as for instance in a war or a revolution, and so without
events in English domestic politics, and English measures of control
events, and it is therefore better to disregard what is painful till
events, and some of these laws are known to us while we are
events, four states sent in double returns, one set for Tilden and
events, remembrance of remote ones, and the childish vanity with which
ever in the person of this murderer and villain! We alone must
ever with politics, delayed; and the inhabitants of Michigan, unable to
ever-changing, eternally great, unfathomable, and infinite life around
ever-glowing animation that had formerly burned there and
ever-lucky gambler who, after recklessly flinging money about and
every Sabbath. They pray for Boston and Massachusetts. They thank God
every administrator finds the chief reward of his labor and efforts.
every burden and hardship and introduced some of the features of
every day, and on all sides logs were being hewn, new houses built,
every day, and yet he continued to spend whole days with the Rostovs.
every denomination, not excepting the Episcopalian, thunder and lighten
every halting place and wherever they spent a night, Natasha never
every honest man's duty to go against the government, and that the
every law, human and divine, we shall be justified in wresting it from
every loss is hard for me to bear.... Excuse me, good-by!" and
every loss, the liveliness increased more and more.
every man a clean shirt, and in every knapsack the appointed number of
every man dies, up to the knowledge of the most complex economic and
every measure of coercion and at last strove for a peace which, while
every possible way, bent their efforts also to manufacturing and later
every sixth man a slave whom his fellow creatures may buy and sell?"
every three, and though they stumbled and panted with fatigue,
every time: "You know I am overwhelmed with business and it is
every year and with each new writer, opinion as to what is good for
everybody got up he went along, limping, and, when he had warmed up,
everybody, and you and I understand it all," and much, much more was
everyone and pretending not to understand what was said to him and not
everyone came to take leave of him and they all wept.
everyone he met everything that was good and worthy of being loved.
everyone was delighted with Denisov's skill, he was asked again and
everyone was talking about the army and about the enemy who was
everyone was waiting for him to say a word and cross a certain line,
everyone went out on tiptoe, leaving the great man to himself and
everyone would be at his youthfulness--and yet in the arrangement of
everything and felt a wish to contradict. Though he usually spoke
everything and running away from home. In imagination she already
everything appear alive, had suddenly been wrenched out and everything
everything conspired to make Petersburg society anxious and uneasy,
everything else in the world and above everything in the world.
everything else, runs upstairs and does up her hair and wags her
everything from society and giving nothing in return. You have
everything had been foreseen, and that if the enemy were really
everything here is rotten and that an overthrow is coming: I don't see
everything in Voronezh suddenly seemed to him dull and tiresome, and
everything in a mean and cunning way, are ready to render any sort
everything is green already.... How early! The birches and cherry
everything military and alien to himself--and had returned to his
everything on my table to bits, and he told me of it himself at
everything over with, and I happen to be there, I'll go at once, to be
everything seemed simple and natural.
everything that she and I may be man and wife," he told himself.
everything that took place and was reported to him was exactly what he
everything very thoroughly and accurately as every German has to.
everything was all right and everyone was cheerful. The thought has
everything was becoming more and more happy and animated. "Oh, how I
everything which sows discord and exasperating sectional animosities."
everything would be made free and so "simple" that there would be no
everything, and put the matter before the Emperor," said Princess Anna
everything... So you see... I never told this to anyone and never
everywhere a lack of reverence for kings, learning, and rank. Other
everywhere disturbed him and distracted him from the military cares
everywhere obtainable, very difficult, and near Ryazan where the
evewything here is wotten and howwible, but the Tugendbund I don't
evidence of healing. The parts around are usually pigmented and slightly
evidence than changes in the blood vessels, and in which the subsequent
evident that she could not see anything, and again settled down in her
evidently a gentleman in disguise, and who was passing under the
evidently also felt depressed and constrained with his visitor, "I
evidently disbelieving what they told her, and convinced that say what
evidently disconcerted, very soon became silent and went in to the
evidently distressed, and breathed painfully, but could not restrain
evidently due to intemperance, and his mouth twitched nervously. The
evidently expecting news of him and that he would come or would
evidently felt frightened and ashamed to have accepted charity in a
evidently irrepressible and unexpected by her that in her presence
evidently listening to herself with pleasure, and speaking with
evidently taking a bad turn. Every day, letters of inquiry and notices
evidently wishing to show her connections and knowledge of what went
evil which sways the world. Think this over and I will come to you
evil, and all the institutions of state and church that have been
evils in life: remorse and illness. The only good is the absence of
evincing the strength of their attachment and the value of their
ex-captain of police, and looking round he noticed Alpatych.
exacerbations of pain; or the abscess may perforate the joint and set up
exalt him--and though he himself has no plan, he is quite ready for
examination of the status of women in her time; and Mrs. Elizabeth Ellet
examining something down below and that one of the soldiers he had
example at the elbow--a considerable amount of bone, and it may be also
example the pleura and peritoneum, the restoration to the normal is not
example, and Mesopotamia and parts of the Sudan--but the people of all
example, dock-porters and coal-heavers. It is more common on the right
example, the traumatic, the septic, and the varicose ulcer; some from
example, they can retain their vitality for months; and they can also
example, would sob, and without permission would leave his corner,
example,--in incising for cellulitis, and in performing subcutaneous
exasperation, proving to him that it could not be otherwise, and
exceedingly brittle. In some cases the thickening is uniform, and in
exceedingly lofty, the members of the household and the footmen--one
excellency," said Timokhin timidly, and continually turning to
excellent, simple, and kindly people. The old count's hospitality
except the cavalry, the artillery, and the transport--there was no
except with all her heart and all her might. For a while she had stood
exception in desperate and agonized terror..."
exception; but this event occurred before our fathers' eyes, and for
exceptional circumstances, and his mother having at one time mentioned
excessive tenderness and with impairment of the functions of the joint.
exchanged for salt, lemons, and raisins for the American market. The
excision and subsequent skin-grafting.
excision, followed by the use of radium and X-rays. We have observed a
excitability to the interrupted current, and the specific alteration in
excitable and easily forgets himself and other people. A Russian is
excited, and foolish in Helene's presence (as a lover should be),
excited. Not noticing the monk, who had risen to greet her and was
excitement and mirth that shone in all their faces. Evidently in the
excitement and to being unaccustomed to speak of abstract matters in
excitement of the conflict could not and would not give way.
exciting relapse or metastasis, the joint is massaged and exercised.
exclaimed with Washington: "Sound doctrine and unanswerable reason!"
exclaimed, and immediately seizing him by the shoulder and looking
exclamation he was asking the adjutant to wait, and he went on with
excluded from state and federal offices, and the fourteenth amendment
exclusions, by disfranchisements and proscriptions, by control over
exclusively in the central nervous system, retina, and optic nerve. It
exclusively in the knee; it is frequently bilateral, and is insidious in
excuse himself from appearing at the staff and went into hospital.
excuse that the prisoner was ill and could not walk, the officer
execute me!" he went on, speaking to himself and bowing his head
execution of his design. The pistol, dagger, and peasant coat were
executive and judicial officers of a State, or the members of the
executive branch; for reliance upon Congress to enforce its own laws and
executive prerogatives as they tried out and found their strength. If
exercise of his new rights. He had not attained them by a long and
exercises, which may be preceded by massage, are carried out night and
exertion and prolonged standing or walking are to be avoided, and the
exertion will provoke another until society is involved in tumult and
exertion, or exposure to cold and wet. This form of the disease is
exertion. It is met with chiefly in male adults, and is most apt to
exhausted, and sometimes strangely indifferent faces, the same
exhaustion, and not from respiratory or cardiac spasm. The usual
exile, showed human dignity--Napoleon is the object of adulation and
exist and is inconceivable.
exist, there is nothing but quiet and peace. Thank God!..."
exist. It was impossible not to retreat a day's march, and then in the
existed among the people and gathered new forces ready to manifest
existed only in his imagination. Pierre maintained the contrary, and
existed only in the heads of a dozen individuals--for the events and
existed, and when little Nicholas perceived him he grew faint with
existed, only charred green boards and rags littered the scorched
existence of power is proved both by history and by observing
existence of this unknown factor and tries to discover it--now in a
existence. There then succeeds, usually between the twentieth and
existing between masters and workers and discover practical methods for
exists as to the real nature of membranous croup and its relationship to
exit of discharge, and the hyperaemic treatment is continued.
exorbitant and burdensome for real occupiers, but high enough to
expanse, to right and left of the forest and the road, smoking
expansion is the history of our nation's progress and glory. It is a
expansion of the bone; it is fusiform or globular, and is at first
expect me to sacrifice my feelings and my honor for the sake of
expect nothing but meanness, deceit, envy, intrigue, and
expectation of a solemn event, and at the same time the everyday
expected of him, and that he was therefore bound to accept their
expected under early and energetic treatment, if neglected, _iritis_ may
expecting and inviting further blows which would finish him. He seemed
expedition and vividly picturing to himself what would happen next
expeditions across plain, desert, and mountain, arousing the interest of
expeditions and had him enrolled among the Cossacks.
expeditions, in a deserted and ruined village to which he had come
expense of America. "Their Franklins and Washingtons and all the other
expense of blood." Such kings and such ministers were not likely to
expenses; it could not protect American commerce and manufactures
expensive products, and the buying of expensive seed corn, and did not
experience he knew, and with the wisdom of age understood, that it
experience of life had reached the conviction that thoughts and the
experience the tormenting expectation of terror and death the cornet
experience. Courage, native ability, quickness of mind, and knowledge of
experienced a feeling of joy, freedom, and life; but when during his
experienced and capable in state affairs, who, without sharing any
experienced for a long while. She did not realize who and where she
experienced for the last fortnight, and the joy that had lit up her
experienced sportsman he knew that the beast was wounded, and
experienced the same feeling his mother, his father, and his sister
experienced the same feeling of respect and even fear when the
experiencing nothing but humiliation and failure." Frederick the Great,
experimental investigations in the laboratory, and proved fatal. The
explained by Natasha's having rejected him) and again asked Nicholas
explained how to rivet the hoof and went away to his own quarters.
explained to him that it was impossible to defend Moscow and that it
explained who Makar Alexeevich was and how just before their arrival
exploit and to the forests and minerals awaiting the ax and the pick.
exploit at Trenton on Christmas night, 1776, and the battle with
exploit, which cost her immense effort and established her
exploration and settlement in the St. Lawrence country, the English
explored and given its place in the general record.
expose Rostov to danger as seldom as possible, and after an action
expose to a bullet, and then you congratulate us on the victory! Admit
exposed his army to danger on this march, and it was best for him to
exposed portion, and, after tying all tributary branches, resecting this
exposed to friction and pressure. The occurrence of a number or a
exposed. The separation of the slough is a tedious process, and the
exposing one's stupidity and incapacity to live in society.
expounded with eloquence, learning, and dignity every important clause
express a contrary opinion. Speranski smiled and, with an evident wish
express and fundamental condition to the acquisition of any territory
express his opinion as he had hoped to, left on him a vague and uneasy
expressed animation and apprehension, but it seemed to Pierre that the
expressed approval, and the governor's wife began to speak of Rostov
expressed forgiveness of his indiscretion, nodded and said: "I hope to
expressed in words, and that any reference to the details of his
expressed, and, after withdrawing the needle, gentle massage of the
expressed. He wished to help her and say something pleasant, but could
expressed. The ridicule and contempt were of course expressed in a
expresses the sentiment of esteem and special regard I have long
expressing it by cries of anger and distress. But his strength soon
expression and intonation that obliged one to listen to each
expression and pose with such exactitude that Nesvitski could not help
expression and she sat silent. She sat a long time looking at the
expression from the French, and when his eyes met those of the
expression in the management of great estates and the control of hosts
expression in their joyous and long-sustained shouts. Afterwards
expression in them which the countess knew so well and feared so much,
expression of calm dignity and severity.
expression of conflict, irritation, and excitement, around chin and
expression of extreme suffering and anxiety. When the paroxysm is
expression of his face at will, he drew nearer to the portrait and
expression of profound and sincere devotion and respect mingled with
expression of severity changed, and he drew Pierre's hand downwards,
expression of sorrow and devotion, or of weariness and hope of resting
expression on the faces of soldiers, officers, generals, and
expression on the faces of the crowd of soldiers and militiamen who
expression on the faces of the listeners and from the fact that some
expression soon share in the rigidity, and the face assumes a taut,
expression that rarely left her and which made her plain, sickly
expression they both knew, an expression thoughtful and sad. This
expression to his own feelings and those of the Russian people whose
expression!" thought he as he looked at her and listened to her
expression, with unilateral trismus and difficulty in swallowing. Other
expression. The officer walked in front, leaning on a stick and
expressions of his will, very variously and indefinitely directed.
expressions, it was clear that the others knew, and Pfuel himself
extended position, and knew that the occupation of Moscow would not be
extended to Virginia and North Carolina, as they withdrew from the
extending from the Atlantic to the Mississippi and from the Great Lakes
extends along Kobelnitz and Sokolnitz behind the ponds that are there,
extends at any later period in life to the bones, joints, and internal
extends beyond the area of the original wound, and the name is derived
extension of a neuro-fibromatosis to the skin and subcutaneous cellular
extension of the disease and by the destruction of tissue and
extension of the railways, the development of the Great West, and the
extension, and restriction of pronation.
extensive destruction of tissue, with subsequent scars and deformity
extensive in area, and show great contusion, laceration, and destruction
extensive tearing and bruising of all the tissues, including the bones,
extensively acclaimed in cities and incorporated into hundreds of
extensively bared of periosteum and appears likely to die, it may be
extent and direction of any given sinus may be demonstrated by the use
extent of spread in the medullary canal and beneath the periosteum is in
extent of the disease in the soft parts overlying the bone, and consists
extent of the gap. The peripheral end is completely degenerated, and is
extent on the situation and extent of the affected area, and on the
extent, follow the line of attachment of the interosseous membrane and
external conditions, whose action was performed very recently, and the
external forms of pleasure--balls, promenades, concerts, and theaters-
external influences, and in cold weather the parts present a bluish
external violence and so give rise to traumatic aneurysm. Thrombosis is
external world is well known, where the time between the action and
extraordinarily slack and physically feeble during his stay in that
extraordinary and mysterious part of the prediction.
extraordinary being. Nicholas blushed and was confused when people
extraordinary clearness and rapidity. He again vividly recalled the
extraordinary may happen to one that honor and dishonor will be all
extraordinary occasions, convene both Houses, or either of them, and in
extraordinary vividness and melancholy enjoyment imagined his own
extraordinary when she took her seat opposite and beamed upon him also
extravasations of bright red blood; and sublingual haematoma has been
extreme mental agitation and despair, and the sufferer is in constant
extreme youth and his wish to express all that was in his mind.
extremely chronic, and may last for an indefinite number of years. It is
extremely kind to him and told him to visit them again.
extremely pleasant to him. He thanked the soldier and began to eat.
extremely slow and is attended with prolonged suppuration.
extremely valuable and they were offered enormous sums of money for
extremities and pelvis to hang over the end of the table, while the
extremities, the vertebral border of the scapula, and the cristal border
extremity and when the veins also are obstructed, to become infected and
extremity the most reliable and satisfactory results are obtained by
extricated himself from an awkward situation and placed another in it,
eyebrows and looking uneasily and timidly at her.
eyelids, and a distinct thrill and murmur, which can be controlled by
eyes and a look of complete absent-mindedness, kept rubbing the bridge
eyes and curly blue-black hair, wearing a red shawl, ran out with a
eyes and fresh rosy cheeks where soft down was just beginning to show-
eyes and her face was tearful.
eyes and in her voice. "I have had so little happiness in life that
eyes and indicating Helene with a sorrowful gesture. "Ah, she is
eyes and looked at her. "You're here?" he seemed to be saying, and
eyes and remained in doubt for over a second. The wolf ran forward and
eyes and smiling.
eyes but in my own, if I preferred my own happiness to my love and
eyes ferociously, pushed forward, elbowing his way and shouting
eyes gleamed feverishly and his thoughts followed one another with
eyes he was every day more and more connected with her, that it was
eyes of a young man can inspire in a romantic and loving young girl
eyes on Karay, tucked her tail yet further between her legs, and
eyes were fixed with sympathy and commiseration on Rostov, who saw
eyes were full of love and sadness. It was plain that she was
eyes wide, and assumed the expression he usually put on when taken
eyes, and just in front of them their eldest sister, Catiche, with a
eyes, and stooped glass in hand over the infant.
eyes, and the impression of those voices and faces and a sense of
eyes, and went to the further end of his study. Having stood there a
eyes, slightly bowed his head. The Emperor re-entered the ballroom and
eyes, with his smile, manly and yet childlike.... No, I had better not
eyes. "But I'll go to Bezukhov's myself. Pierre has arrived, and now
eyes. He sighed and pressed on the bench with both hands to raise
eyes. Last night a proposition was made me on your account and, as you
face "Uncle," and setting her arms akimbo also made a motion with
face and cried wildly: "They're fighting us, lads!"
face and figure of Prince Andrew, in a fur cloak the deep collar of
face and glittering eyes.
face and met his gaze.
face and neck may become affected. From the lips it may spread to the
face and personality generally, and in the cold, repellent glance
face and quivering nose. But if the count, getting more and more
face and searching beneath the eyebrows and mustache for his former
face and shining eyes and prayed God to help her.
face assumed a melodramatically gentle expression and he held out
face brightening more and more with a rapturous smile as if what he
face changed into a winning and piteous look of fear. Her beautiful
face filled with love and pain, and he suddenly realized that she
face he gave him an unexpectedly kind and pleasant smile.
face like the light of heaven, and from the blessed Mother's cheek
face of the Emperor like a cloud of haze across a clear sky and
face she had known ever since she could remember and had always seen
face stepped away from the man and looked round inquiringly at the
face to that of the lady in the black dress and said:
face vanished; she frowned and overwhelmed Pierre with a torrent of
face was calm, his eyes closed, and they could see his regular
face was pallid and quivered.
face with Prince Andrew, who came out frowning and looking old. Pierre
face, and Prince Andrew saw that Hippolyte, of whom--he had to
face, and again relapsed into her radiant smile.
face, and carefully placed her in an easy chair.
face, and she felt that the silence brooding over the house and within
face, and unabashed by her presence made remarks about her as though
face, in the sound of his voice, in the stirring and deafening noise
face, it would still remain piteous and plain. After two or three
face, she became mute and was not to be shaken in her determination.
face, was rubbing his forehead and eyes with his hand. A short man was
face. The party was very successful and quite like other parties he
face. They carefully guarded their open wounds from any rough and
faced a powerful, informed, and relentless opposition. There were
faces all looked excited and worried.
faces and scanty beards emerged from the tavern, smiling,
faces of the two Frenchmen as they ran past him, of the lowered and
faces, pressing on one another, crowding, panting, and pushing,
facilitated by elevation of the limb and massage. (3) The induration of
fact of the days in which we live; and he who has any chance to instruct
fact that the majority of the council voted for such a retreat, and
fact that the size of any army does not coincide with its strength and
fact, each convention was made up mainly of office holders and office
factories for paper, boxes, and furniture. As the railways preceded
factory and in his place came the manager, representing the usually
factory system. Between 1815 and 1860 an industrial revolution took
facts, were themselves uncertain as to the outcome of a civil war and
failed to manifest any heroic feelings), and the whole innumerable
failed to stop at British ports and pay tribute, were in great danger of
failure of it because the rates at which we haul you and your goods make
fainter and fainter in the South. Then apologies were superseded by
fair price he will be free to take his goods back to his village and
fall asleep, nor even remain in one place, but had to jump up and pace
fall to 96 o F. or even lower. The mouth is parched, and the patient
fallen behind, and just as he looked round the first man changed his
fallen horses were to be seen, some flayed, some not, and
fallen in love for the first and last time in her life.
fallen leaves. The earth in the kitchen garden looked wet and black
fallen under a cannon and the crowd were dragging it out. A cannon
falleth, never bear malice or enmity toward thy brother. Be kindly and
falling prey to daring privateers and fleet American war vessels. The
falling snow a purple-black and starry sky showed itself and the frost
falls upon Mack and the Austrians, who surrender without a battle.
false images that agitated, enraptured, and tormented me," said he
faltered, and he gave way to an old man's sob.
familiar faces of the men of the first battalion, and waited. "Here it
familiar voice called him and a hand detained him.
familiarity in intercourse with everybody both above and below him
families with the advantages of culture which come from leisure and the
families, and our posterity. We have petitioned and our petitions have
family and to the crown serfs--those fields and meadows where for
family and with the household. With the stern old prince and the
family tendency to haemorrhage and inform the doctor of it, but they are
family, adopted him, gave him a nickname ("our gentleman"), and made
family, and who went once to the Nizhni fair with a companion--a
family, home, and all the cares of worldly welfare, in order without
family, she could not imagine and saw no interest in imagining how
family. This was favored by natural circumstances and the spirit of the
fancies are crawling over him. The pulse is soft, rapid, and
fancy--as we were going in to supper I looked and he had broken
fanning the flames of Populist discontent all over the West and South.
far and wide under the hot summer sun. No majestic mountains relieved
far as the Dorogomilov gate, but there again stopped and,
far off on the horizon turned away from the hare, and the whips, but
far south, clearing and planting had gone on with much bustle and
far-off whistling and thud was heard, followed by a boom of cannon
far?" she went on, with a horror and disgust she could hardly conceal.
farewell, lads! To our health! Hurrah!..." he cried, and emptying
farm produce and even much of that for slaves, the planters naturally
farmer and his family.
farmers of the "middling order," and mechanics from the towns,--English,
farmers of the West and South claimed him as their own. The mechanics of
farmers, and planters turned for capital to initiate and carry on their
farmers. Hunters, forest rangers, restless bordermen, and squatters,
farming of the thrifty and well-to-do peasant Matthew Ermishin, who
farming regions and rural villages, raise no such problems as tens of
farther and farther? I feel that I cannot vanish, since nothing
farther, but Anton ran ahead on tiptoe and knocked at a door.
fascia and pectoral muscles, according to the group of glands involved.
fascia and with the walls of veins. The caseated tissue often remains
fascia, and contains clear or blood-stained serum. At first it is lax
fasciae, and ligaments, in those who are the subjects of arthritis
fasciae, paring away bruised tissues, and purifying the whole
fascinating and consequently so alarming that he was ready to run
fascinating marquise of thirty-five and at the same time for a
fashion reached to his very heels, and, stumbling in it, ran out
fashions with the countess and Natasha, and about albums and fancywork
fast and prepare for Holy Communion, and Natasha gladly welcomed the
fastened on his hunting knives and horn, he mounted his good, sleek,
fastened to the cording of his uniform and, indicating a bandaged arm,
fastening his coat. When he had finished, he turned to Bezukhov, and
fat in the anterior abdominal wall and protrude from one of the hernial
fat, cartilage, and bone retain their vitality for several hours after
fat, fascia, or tendon, and if the process continues for some time
fat, the skin is smooth and thin, and may be abnormally dry. The hair is
fate of millions and by the employment of power confer benefactions.
father about the battle and his visit to Brunn. At the door he found a
father and Andrew. I shall be so happy when she is his wife. She is so
father and his fatherland. To the great regret of myself and of the
father and instantly dropped again. Natasha was happier than she had
father and of Prince Andrew. Involuntarily she thought their
father and son.
father and son. This lasted about two minutes, which to Pierre
father is mortally sick you'll send the valet away and attend to
father to the ambassador's entertainment; she wore a ball dress and
father understood him. The old man got up and gave the letter to his
father's and mother's hands asking for their blessing, and that he
father's death reached him. He at once resigned his commission, and
father's face with an eager and respectful look. "How is your health?"
father's feverish and sleepless activity after his previous apathy,
father's nature showed itself in Pierre. He felt the fascination and
father's newly dug grave to steal his crosses and stars, they would
father's pardon for herself and for Philip the footman, who had begged
father's room with the good-humored and victorious air natural to him.
father, and nothing to recall that terrible loss to Dolokhov. Here, in
father, wife, sister, and future son, and the tenderness he had felt
father--and of her--for being his sister--that there is no reason
father-in-law and now at Princess Mary. When they left the table she
fathers and mothers of the better kind gave their children the rudiments
fatty degeneration they break down into a greyish-yellow pultaceous and
fatty tumour is movable, and is often lobulated. The confusion with a
fauces and larynx, setting up an oedema of the glottis which may prove
fault!" and her voice quivered like that of a child about to cry.
faults and was ready for all that was good.
faults, the possibility of a new, clean life, and of happiness.
favor during this campaign, and who had formerly commanded the
favor of receiving her, and so everything displeased her. She did
favored tariff reductions and "cheap money." There were Democrats who
favored the American cause. Great Britain, harassed, worn, and
favoring Golitsyn and mysticism, and afterwards Shishkov and
favorite and trusted adjutant, received him with distinction and
favorite expression when he was in a rage) and called for the
favorite topic--making fun of the military men of the day, and more
fear at her devotion and trustfulness, and an oppressive yet joyful
fear of breaking something in the master's apartment, and he
fear seized his soul. He became confused in his speech and stopped
fear, and enthusiasm--was only the loss of the battle of Austerlitz,
fear, anxiety, or worry, physical injury and toxic infection, and the
fear, as at the sight of something too large and unsuited to the
feared Napoleon, recognized his strength and their own weakness, and
feared for her brother who was in it, was horrified by and amazed at
feared he might seize her from behind by her bare arm and kiss her
feared the growth of democracy and others cherished it. These factions
fearing to relax, shouted with his mouth wide open and passed on.
fearless and gay to kiss her hand. "I know she's a scamp of a girl,
fears of the planting states were allayed and the "bargain" over the
feather and bowing according to the rules of his art, as he
feature of the disease, may be associated with actual lengthening, and
features he adored: that same face and same look and step, and the
features of a chronic indurated ulcer. A more exuberant and rapidly
federal banking, internal improvements, and heavy taxes, now spoke
federal courts, supreme and inferior, by the President and the Senate.
federal military and naval supplies in the South, and having left the
feeble pulse and low temperature, are the chief symptoms.
feeble, and I dare to condemn him!" she thought at such moments,
feed and clothe their families without buying British goods.
feedeth them," he said to himself and wished to say to Princess
feel I am not the same and it troubles me. A wonderful boy, but I am
feel any shades of intonation, look, and expression, pricked up her
feel for their dogs, cocks, goats, and in general for the animals that
feel sleepy. The punch was finished and there was still nothing to do.
feeling himself wounded and understanding that the matter is no joke
feeling implanted in each of us and in our fathers.
feeling is for me stronger and higher than all else."
feeling of awkwardness which usually follows after a serious and
feeling of contempt for everything conventional, artificial, and
feeling of doubt and conflict with which he had trodden the Enns
feeling of estrangement and hostility, which occurred most
feeling of horror and dread of death seized him. Filled with fright he
feeling of joyful animation produced by the sights and sounds of the
feeling of mingled shame and vexation.
feeling of pity for her and loathing for the thing he had to do,
feeling of resentment and revenge in their soul yields to a feeling of
feeling of self-reproach and emotion, as if justifying themselves:
feeling of weakness tied him to the spot; he wished to get up and go
feeling of wounded pride, and a hope of glory. "And should there be
feeling, and seeing things each from his own point of view. This
feeling, or honor? Knowing him to be an only son, to challenge him and
feeling, though not so bright and poetic as the former, was stronger
feeling. It was already six in the morning and he still paced up and
feelings in general and about her sister. With so intellectual a guest
feels himself in harness and grows skittish between the shafts--he
feels, and remembers innumerable things simultaneously, but has the
feet and wheels, while the rest rose and hung like a cloud over the
feet in their overboots on the table, and began to reflect.
feet into his slippers and his arms into the sleeves of his dressing
feet--usually go through the skin, but seldom pierce the fascia, and lie
feet. Emboldened by their own strength and the weakness of their
fell back from the carriage and rode up to Dolokhov.
fell on the whole squadron. All were looking at the enemy in front and
fellow he is and how attentive, and how he remembers everything," he
fellow of infinite dash and originality," as John Hay remarked of him;
fellow was not much good and that Bennigsen managed everything. Now
fellow!" and for some unknown reason tears suddenly filled his eyes.
fellow. But a complex and difficult process of internal development
fellows, and a readiness to respond superficially to every idea
felt a sense of awe and veneration such as he had experienced in his
felt certain of what ought and what ought not to be done. The first
felt curious to know what was going to happen and what would be
felt envious and Natasha could not help joining in.
felt herself released, and Helene's footsteps and the rustle of her
felt himself being drawn. He sought a quiet refuge, and in Joseph
felt sad and depressed. It was all so strange, so unlike what he had
felt that no small matter was happening, but an important and solemn
felt that relief from his despair and from those doubts was to be
felt that the being before him was quite different from, and better
felt the blood rush to his heart and had again to get up and move
felt the weight of that resolute and affectionate scrutiny and glanced
felt unable to disappoint him. Every day he said to himself one and
female purchasers--but only soldiers, in uniforms and overcoats though
feminine envy at Natasha. The curtain had not yet risen and the
feminine self-deception immediately supplied her with consolation, and
feminine whispering behind the door, and a desire to observe
fence hung a signboard, GENERAL STAFF, and throwing down his reins, he
fence they all spread out evenly and quietly, without noise or talk,
fence, the snowy plain bathed in moonlight and motionless spread out
fence, there is tingling and powerlessness in the limb as a whole, known
ferocious faces pushed forward and everybody shouted "hurrah!"
ferocity and for Russians to blame the scoundrel Bonaparte, or later
fester (Natasha knew all about such things as festering) and the
festivities and fireworks are becoming wearisome."
fete, and the thirteenth of June was fixed for a ball, dinner,
fete. The club cook and the steward listened to the count's orders
fever and septicaemia, and increases the liability to general
fever. In all febrile conditions in children and adolescents, the
feverish condition and the pain he suffered, but at Troitsa that had
few feet, there is widespread laceration and disruption; if a bone is
few glasses of wine he had drunk and the conversation with this
few mechanics, smiths, carpenters, and masons, widely scattered through
few moments, he strode back to Michaud and pressed his arm below the
few of them still move, rise, and feebly fly to settle on the
few times in silence, but his eyes glittered feverishly and his lips
few were engaged in the hat and iron industries as compared with those
fibres are destroyed and efficient regeneration is prevented; the
fibres being compressed or stretched in the cicatricial tissue; and in
fibres of the affected nerves, and the prominent symptoms are the result
fibrin. An extensive new formation of capillary loops and fibroblasts
fibroma, lipoma, angioma, and neuro-fibroma, are rare. Malignant tumours
fibrous and fatty tissue, containing a granular orange-yellow pigment,
fibrous ankylosis and obliteration of the joint. The bones are affected
fibrous, or soft, vascular, and oedematous, and the peri-articular fat
field and the meadow.
field glass and shrugging his shoulders, "so it is! They'll be fired
field of battle, but with his great tact and military experience
field to save the union and who regarded continued Republican supremacy
field. Men like George Washington and Daniel Morgan learned lessons that
fields and forests of fir and birch, which were partly cut down. The
fields in the chill dusk of the autumn evening, experienced one and
fifteen and was also entering the regiment. On returning home Petya
fifteen dead and wounded to each couple of acres. The wounded crept
fifteenth and thirtieth day after the appearance of the primary lesion,
fifth and sixth degrees are met with in epileptics or intoxicated
fifty years of age. It is insidious in its onset, and, the patient's
fifty years, had cost millions, and had done nothing except that
fight and conquer somebody. Kutuzov merely shrugged his shoulders when
fight and smother it, and the victim, enfeebled or killed, drops
fight and to face danger. Only then, expressing known historic facts
fight, and the thing is that these two hundred thousand men will fight
fighting and blows in the passage and porch. The tall lad waved his
fighting and of fortresses without a siege must incline Germans to
fighting somewhere about something and apparently finding pleasure
figure and thin face. Her eyes, always sad, now looked with particular
figure out how great was this tribute in dollars and cents. They
figure seemed familiar to Rostov and involuntarily riveted his
figures that once seemed splendid and mysterious. Glory, the good of
figures, and even their faces, more and more distinctly. They were our
figures--ten, twenty, and thirty cents on the dollar. Accordingly, it
figures. He knew that tracks and trains were useless without passengers
filaments in the sheath of the nerve, and there may be patches of
file; the next higher and smaller section of the cone consists of
fill the gap, and are rapidly covered by epithelium, derived partly from
filled her whole soul, had become an integral part of herself, and she
filled others and, in shirt sleeves and breeches, went glass in hand
filled with effete and decomposing epidermis, which has a most offensive
filled with serous fluid. The local temperature is raised, and the part
filling up its recesses and distending its capsule so that the joint is
fills with fluid and its movements become restricted, and after from two
finally a backward movement. Adjutants and generals galloped about,
finally and decisively. "It is not enough for me to know what I have
finally demonstrated the futility of resistance, and Hamilton by good
finance" and accused financiers of selling worthless stocks and bonds to
financial and commercial connections with all other countries. Our
financier" because he labored night and day to find the money to meet
financiers, and professional men, founded in 1900 to promote friendly
financing extensions out of his own earnings and profits. This state of
find extensive obliteration of the medullary canal, and a considerable
find it and fearing to be captured by the French on the way to Krems.
find you already know his sister and father and are liked by them.
finding its shipping interests crippled in the European conflict and
finding the sleeves of his fur cloak threw it on and got into his
finds you to his taste as a daughter-in-law and makes a proposal to
fine role of leader of popular feeling, and had grown so used to it,
fine silk or catgut stitches are passed through the outer and middle
fine speeches and in his rude and savage way throws himself on the
fine weather; the long rest the Russian soldiers had enjoyed, and
finger at Hippolyte, invited Prince Vasili to the table and bringing
finger before his nose and smiling. "You shall tell me all about
finger or toe, indolent, painless, and interfering but little with the
finger, "you forever lose the chance of marrying the other, and you
finger, saying, "June," and continued, kissing, "July, August," on the
finger. "I owe my life to you and offer you my friendship. A Frenchman
fingers and toes and in those of the vertebral column. The synovial
fingers nor old scars nor old doubts and sorrows were any of them in
fingers, and diarrhoea are among the most prominent symptoms of this
fingers, and resolute gestures and voices. This class of guests and
fingers, his legs thrown back and his eyes rolling as he sang, with
fingers, it stood an aged, stern, and scornful monster among the
finished her prayers and came to the bed with a stern face, but
finished her tea and evidently needed a pretext for being angry
finished scratching his hindquarters and, cocking his ears, got up
finished, she stepped aside and stopped at the door with a smile on
finishing his third cup of tea and getting up. "Ours must have got the
finishing his toilet. Slightly snorting and grunting, he presented now
fire and heard Platon's voice enfeebled by illness, and saw his
fire in your presence and you stand by! What does this mean? You
fire myself. We're done for!..." and Ferapontov ran into the yard.
fire sounded far away. Here everyone clearly saw and said that the
fire the bridge, and now someone has gone and blundered; they are
fire, and the destruction of all their property. In this letter the
fire, while another had simply been a vagrant and had done nothing. So
fire. Soldiers were continually rushing backwards and forwards near
fires and bad harvests, or of the necessity of rebuilding factories
fires flared up and the shouting grew louder and louder. Rostov
fires sat others, dressed and undressed, drying their shirts and leg
fires; and to descend into the deeps of the earth to combat the deadly
firewood, settled down near him and began lighting a fire.
firing and was only not captured by the French because the enemy could
firing in front and shouts of hurrah, and saw wounded being brought
firing on one another and chasing one another in American waters within
firing, and the glory that awaited him.
firing, which had drawn nearer and was increasing in strength,
firing. Above the heights was the dark clear sky, and to the right the
firing?" Rostov kept asking as he came up to Russian and Austrian
firm and contemptuous smile, evidently prepared beforehand to meet all
firm and elastic, or fluctuating, and are incorporated with the
firm intention of killing your man as quickly and surely as
firm regular tread and halted eight paces from the post. Pierre turned
firmly fixed on the idea of reelection and let the troublesome matter
firmly on the firm lower one, and something like two distinct smiles
firmly that others, looking at him, were persuaded of it too and did
firmly: "That's just like a man--selfish and cruel! I expected nothing
first aid, and the transport arrangements, also play a part in
first among the nations of the earth. By moral obligations and by
first days in Moscow. To her impatience and pining for him were now
first indication is to prevent infection by purifying the part, and
first life office, and then hereditary office, which leads to the
first molars; these are reduced in size and dome-shaped through dwarfing
first of all devote some time to solitude and self-examination and
first or second time and therefore treated both his superiors and
first she found it amusing to give away dresses and ribbons to the
first suitor. This memory carried him sadly and sweetly back to
first thing he saw was the pale face and trembling jaw of a Frenchman,
first time for many months she felt calm and not oppressed by the
first time since his return that they had talked alone and about their
first time, felt that his mother was displeased with him and that,
first time. Sometimes that same look fell on Pierre, and that funny
first to see and pursue him, but they had not gone far before Ilagin's
first watery, but later sanious and purulent. Necrosis of the bones of
first, and she kissed the bold forehead that bent over her hand and
first, and, spreading rapidly, result in extensive necrosis of tissue,
first. It means that he is kind, noble, and splendid, and I could
fish-roe, or black pigmented granules like gunpowder. Sinuses form, and
fishery. Whilst we follow them among the tumbling mountains of ice and
fissures and warts. The trade epithelioma varies a good deal in
fistula_), or between the bladder and the rectum (_recto-vesical
fitful bursts of song and music and the inconsequent but friendly
fitted raw recruits and temperamental militiamen to cope with a military
five hundred men, women, and children, representing all nations, were
five in the afternoon," replied Bolkonski growing more animated and
five or seven years later became prosperous and returned home with
five tricks, Pierre, hearing greetings and the steps of someone who
fixed at not more than 100,000; the General Staff was dissolved; and the
fixed his large and handsome eyes. He regarded his whole life as a
fixed on a streak of light escaping from the pantry door and
fixed on her, and there were so many different faces, that she could
fixed when the muscle contracts, and that, when the muscle is relaxed,
fixedly at him, and her look asked only one thing: was he a friend, or
fixedly at the floor and holding in her hands the old ball dress
fixing short terms for officers and making frequent changes in
fixity and of the motion of the planets, so in history the
flags, and his monogram were displayed, and the Polish ladies,
flame, and immediately a deafening roar, crackling, and whistling made
flank and rear and securing from the Ukraine recruits for his army;
flank march to the left, cut off the Vice-King (Murat) and capture
flank of the position, and that Kutuzov himself in his report, written
flank weak and the right flank too extended," he went on. "That's
flank, and lingered for a moment.
flank, infantry and hussars alike, felt that the commander did not
flap of periosteum from the lateral aspect of the fibula, and stitching
flashed through Petya's mind and he galloped on to the place from
flat bones of the skull they may traverse the diploe and erupt on the
flats and apartments.
flattened nodule in the skin, the epidermis over it being stretched and
flax-seed and flour. Maryland and Virginia will add tobacco. North
fleches had in fact been recaptured by other French troops, and Davout
fleches themselves--in which by this time there were now Russian and
fleches were two thirds of a mile away, and it was more than a mile as
fled at a continually increasing speed and all its energy was directed
flee. An external shock was needed to overcome that shame, and this
fleecy clouds floated across the sky and occasionally veiled the
fleeing slave, Eliza Harris, and the cruel slave driver, Simon Legree,
fleeing to distant provinces, and one levy after another was being
fleet, the commissariat, and so on and so on--millions of commands,
flesh cut away, and the wound bandaged. Water was being sprinkled on
flesh which forms an impenetrable veil between us and the Eternal? Let
flew over the heads of Bagration and his suite, and fell into the
flexed and extended by the patient.
flexed owing to the paralysis of the flexor pollicis longus, and the
flexed, abducted and rotated out; there is a swelling in the upper part
flexor muscles of the forearm in children and young persons under
flexures of joints, at the mouths of large branches, and at parts where
flickering on the frozen window, she felt still sadder and more in
flinging themselves on, rending and exulting over the dying beast.
flitted to and fro all over the occupied space where the snow had been
flitting over his scarred and puffy face.
float down to New Orleans could be carried upstream and sent to the East
floating to one side, and--"puff" (with a pause)--"puff, puff!"
flogged. The flogging was only just over, and the executioner was
floor of this big house and am experiencing a happy feeling of
floor, took her old ball dress, and fell into a reverie quite
floor. The count's face was white and he could not control the
floppy brim, and approached his commander. It was Tikhon. His wrinkled
flourishing his arm and really catching the tune.
flow and comparing it with the movement of the ship do we convince
flow may appear to be continuous and not in jets. The blood from a
flow of motherly tenderness and pity for the unknown young officer.
flow of the blood in the veins, and so admit of fresh blood reaching the
flowed to and fro across the Atlantic. Friends of popular government in
flower; Natasha, half grown up and half child, was now childishly
flowers, dances, the Emperor, and all the brilliant young people of
flowing always in one direction, humming with whispers and talk and
flowing from the different streets with one and the same desire to get
fluctuation can usually be elicited, and the joint is held in the flexed
fluctuation, and, what is more characteristic, a peculiar soft crepitant
fluid is extravasated, and a _lymphatic_ or _serous cyst_ may form.
fluid, and there may be points of special tenderness corresponding to
fluid, of acid reaction, probably of the nature of an albumose, and
flung it away. Tikhon caught it and handed it to a footman. The little
flushed and excited Italian, oblivious of decorum, followed him and
flushed by a glass of vodka and the dinner; and the staff officer with
flushed, and merry faces. Pelageya Danilovna began to recognize the
flustered voices here and there were heard calling and caps began to
fluttered like a bird preening its plumage and became motionless.
fluttering above the fire and remembered a Russian winter at his warm,
fluttering, and often all but imperceptible at the wrist; the
fluttering, and trotted downhill toward the French cavalry which was
flying thick and fast, the mastery of the government passed from the
folded and pulled up, the door was shut, somebody was sent for a
follow that the injury and the tumour are related as cause and effect.
follow the army. I have had everything removed, and it only remains
follow with the things, and--now slipping in the mud, now splashing
followed Anna Mikhaylovna out of the carriage, and only then began
followed and the idea was quickly taken up in other states having large
followed by a reaction. Both Madison and Monroe vetoed acts of Congress
followed by gangrene of the skin and adjacent parts." The predominant
followed by painting with pure carbolic acid and then rinsing with
followed her. The men went into the study and little Nicholas
followed his example, and the loud shouting continued for a long time.
followed his example, then the officers, and after them with excited
followed it and the flight of the French without further conflicts, is
followed, and only the reports most flattering to our army were
followed, filling the whole dining hall, and last of all the children,
following day. Opinions were divided, and arguments were advanced
following order of frequency: Spine, knee, hip, ankle and tarsus, elbow,
fomentations, and ichthyol and glycerine. The affection readily subsides
fond of such things made a large collection, and in spite of being
fond of the boy, and Princess Mary often deprived herself to give
fond, Napoleon suddenly and unexpectedly gave a new one.
fontanelles remain open until the end of the second year or longer, and
food were all a pretense, and that the whole attention of that company
food, clothing, and shelter. This second course the major portion of
food, cod-liver oil, and tonics. Woollen stockings and gloves should be
foods, and is most common in the well-to-do classes. The haemorrhages,
foot and toes, on the hands, and on other parts where no pressure has
foot backwards, bowing his perspiring head, smiling and making a
foot, from the orderly and began to mount.
foot-soldiers in the German army, and has received the name of
footman rushed eagerly forward to help him off with his cloak and take
footman, two tradesmen, and a discharged soldier. After standing
footmen waiting at table seemed to feel this, and they forgot their
footmen, and the stern shrewd old man (himself a relic of the past
footmen, who were evidently flurried and intimidated by the directions
footsteps, and greetings deafened Natasha, and the light and glitter
footsteps, the moaning, the distant cries, and the crackle of fires
footsteps. Pierre rose and said it was getting late. Prince Vasili
for Napoleon, they expected him from every side, and invoked his
for Natasha, and passed at once to what now interested him
for Natasha, she was seized by a joyful and superstitious feeling that
for President and Vice-President, one of whom at least shall not be an
for a considerable distance around becomes markedly oedematous, and the
for a day, and leave my lassies with you."
for a fresh conflict to finish the enemy and did this not to deceive
for a moment with a sinking heart, and then immediately starting to
for a position beside the staid commonwealths of the East and the South.
for a wagon road connecting the seaboard with the Ohio country and was
for a woman, his father's death, and the French invasion which had
for about a mile and a half they came out on a glade where troops of
for affairs of honor and had twice regained his commission.
for all that was near to the man she loved; and of pity, suffering for
for an answer. His birth and position in society were not bad.
for an enemy. Only at prayer did she feel able to think clearly and
for and against that project. Ermolov, Dokhturov, and Raevski agreed
for and dealt with on general principles.
for another traveler, and for himself it's unavoidable, because he
for bringing about a permanent cure, and that in advanced cases of
for common sense and frank plainness of speech. Marya Dmitrievna was
for conciliating a determined opposition. He was a reserved and studious
for cutting off the enemy's retreat and the soundness of the only
for defense against the Indians; and colonies were planted in the
for dinner and the potatoes are grand!"
for domestic industry, espoused by Hamilton and defended by Clay.
for drawing Boris away, she did not think of that now, and in her
for executing its inspection laws: and the net produce of all duties and
for family and domestic reasons.
for fear of compromising her and committing himself, would now go
for food was sold in the markets of Spain, Portugal, and Italy, or
for freedom and a home of their own. When their weary years of servitude
for her age. The third group was gathered round Mortemart and Anna
for her and held out her hand with a glance of gentle inquiry.
for her, the first he had ever written. Boris and Natasha were at
for herself and her son. She had opportunities of sending her
for him and that he gave his word of honor not to take anything more
for him from four till six o'clock and did not begin their
for him. They suspected that he ate from "gold plate" and they could not
for him; and that in the morning when the princess gave orders to
for his assistance and being well disposed toward Boris, who had
for his horse and rode to his quarters.
for his outfit and various other things the old count sent to his son.
for his own benefit and profit, with the right to hand the estate down
for his spectacles in her presence, fumbling near them and not
for independence and self-government. Expeditions to help the insurgents
for independence and that the embers of the old hatred for George III,
for it a simple property qualification. Thus a royal governor and an
for it, she could not refrain from grumbling at and worrying Sonya,
for positive happiness is implanted in us merely to torment us and
for reading, and devoured, he tells us, his father's dry library on
for saving his life that Pierre had not the heart to refuse, and sat
for sawmills to furnish timber for the mines and smelters to reduce and
for some days before exercises and manipulations can be resumed.
for someone?--he replied: "Yes, perhaps," or, "I think so," and so on.
for stricter control grew louder and louder. Congress was forced to
for tea. Day was breaking, the rain had ceased, and the clouds were
for that, it is its nature. Let life go on in it unhindered and let it
for the Emperor to be in! Kutuzov was a traitor, and Prince Vasili
for the French from Vienna to Znaim was shorter and better than the
for the Imperial family and the Synod, she bowed very low and made the
for the army to fight, and that if it could not succeed it would not
for the common defence, promote the general welfare, and secure the
for the first time, seemed to him unnecessary and horrible.
for the first time. What for a long while specially surprised and
for the life of man is expressed by muscular movements and muscular
for the morning greeting, crossing herself with trepidation and
for the most part parallel with the surface, and the epidermis is
for the most part superficial in character, affecting the skin and its
for the nourishment and support of the actively lengthening axis
for the peroneal nerve are more often and more severely injured than
for the protection of its citizens; and that when emergencies occur the
for the public good"--and he began thinking of his social duties to
for the public welfare and the general safety."
for the removal of civil and political disabilities. It is in part also
for the removal of disabilities was stubborn and bitter. Lincoln, with
for the sick man, and brought some buckwheat porridge and vodka for
for the society of ladies, began to come often to the house, and the
for the state when his aid is required and a quiet onlooker when not
for the steady and progressive enactment of measures aimed at admitted
for the supremacy of the Constitution and the national character of the
for the traffic that poured to and from the Great Lakes.
for their passage, to sustain them on the voyage, and to start them on
for themselves the question of obeying federal law, and that armed
for this dinner. The count had been a member and on the committee of
for those injured in industries, minimum wages for women and children,
for those parts of the forehead and neck which are close to the roots of
for timbers and boards, pitch for tar and turpentine, and hemp for rope
for weeks or months, and may finally be crippled in one or in several
for which she had a gift, and all this was unconsciously accepted from
for work; and the prices of wheat and corn dropped to a ruinous level.
for you? Who found the priest and got the passport? Who raised the
for) and Anna Mikhaylovna (who found it necessary to accompany him)
for, had come over him with the capture of that officer and the blow
for. Pierre saw the distracted count, and Sonya, who had a
for. The height of happiness was reached--and so simply, without
force is only an expression for the unknown remainder over and above
force to reach the frontier with, and that he would not sacrifice a
force, and would it not be better first to send for the military?
forced himself to work day and night at Masonic labors, hoping to
forced several state legislatures to reduce freight and passenger rates
forced the President and Congress to turn from negotiations to problems
forced to give up Boston, they seized New York and kept it until the end
forceps, cutting it across and twisting out the segments of the vein
forces of political chaos and social disorder ... in these bitter times
forces of the enemy and abandoning all hope of a junction with
forces), the French army with its marshals, kings, and Emperor was not
forcible and so continuous that the nurse has great difficulty in
forcibly displaced from the subjacent tissues, and lymph vessels are
forcibly, and various traits of his gentle, sensitive character
forearm and hand and over the lateral surface of the arm in its distal
forearm and leg. When the tibia is affected the disease is frequently
forebodings about her confinement, and how she dreaded it, and had
forehead with her lips as if to feel whether she was feverish, and
forehead, his mustache, and his whole face, as she had so often seen
foreign minister and our ambassador in Vienna knew him and valued him.
foreigner and on all occasions made a display of his British sympathies.
foreigners, German immigrants from Pennsylvania and Europe being the
foreigners, was killed in the streets of Peking; and to all appearances
foresaw. She drew her wool down through the canvas and, scarcely
foresight and genius the generals who, of all the blind tools of
forest trails and laid out the routes through lake and stream and over
forest, and the crackling of dry branches.
foresters--the skilled in all the sciences, arts, and crafts.
forests, built houses, and laid out fields. They founded churches,
forests, waterways, and the public lands--interested President Roosevelt
forever happy, rewarded, and distinguished from everyone else in the
forget his three roans and Dozhoyveyko, his quartermaster, and to
forgetting his mother--and brother-in-law's commissions, nor the dress
forgetting," he added. "You know, mon cher, your father and I had some
forging new economic bonds between the East and the West, a national
forgive him and Sonya and consent to their marriage, then he
forgive me whatever wrong I may have done her, and that I had
forgive the trouble I have put you to," said Pierre, and seeing
forgiven and now, as if trying to atone for her fault, paid
forgiven; but he is good and magnanimous and will love her who makes
forgiveness, but said, in a careless and even rude voice, that it
forgot that the frightened face and the figure could not be altered,
forgot what was said to him and still did not see what was before
forgotten and more than sweet, looked at him from those attentive
form beneath a corn, and if inflamed constitutes one form of bunion.
form in one or more of the fatty fringes and give rise to hard nodular
form long chains in both ends of the nerve, and are believed to provide
form of excitement, of dementia, or of melancholia; and the symptoms are
form tumours of variable size, and are often larger than the primary
form up on the farther side and wait. But before that order was given-
form, urate of soda is deposited in the wall of the bursa, and may
form.) "My father has been with me and caressed me. He approved of
formal letters in French, beginning: "My dear Mamma," and ending:
formal, monotonous, and dry letters, to which she attached no
formalities of statehood did not mean a full restoration of honors and
formality, but they winked behind his back and tried to mislead him at
formation of adhesions and resulting stiffness.
formation of adhesions between the tendon and its sheath. If the tendon
formation of fibrin, covering the surface of the membrane and floating
formation of granulation tissue, and this takes place on a scale
formation of lymphatic sinuses and only afford temporary relief.
formation of minute sloughs and a quantity of pus.
formation of new bone in the capsular ligament and surrounding muscles.
formed a definite idea of her, he turned away and addressed Michael
formed and the name Republican--the name of Jefferson's old party--was
formed and the shoulder is fixed, it may be necessary to break down the
formed between the iris and the structures in relation to it, the pupil
formed granulation tissue. As lymph and leucocytes escape from the
formed is under considerable pressure, and this causes it to burrow
formed round the speaker and listened. Count Ilya Rostov, in a
formed the center of the gathering) and to speak so that he might
formed up and moved to the right; from behind it, dispersing the
formed, and one of these may finally erupt through the shell of the bone
formed, bulging above and below the transverse carpal (anterior annular)
former circle he confined himself to trying to do his duty and not
former habits and way of life.
former position with his eyes shut. Pierre looked at him and had not
former strength, and at the same time felt that she loved Kuragin. She
former years, but still the enormous house and its lodges were full of
formerly been accustomed, as if all that was taking place and all that
formerly, but much the same as usual. These dispositions and orders
formidable to these countries. Liberty of conscience and the facility
forming a series of indurated pigmented cords and nodules (Fig. 104).
forms a new barrier, and eventually the spread is arrested, and the
forms, and extends as far as the nearest collateral branch; and on the
forms, and is slowly separated. It is not uncommon for the gangrenous
forms, and when it separates haemorrhage takes place.
formulate a scheme for the reduction of armaments and to submit a plan
formulate and carry out a financial plan. Like the North, the
forth surprise and gratitude in the United States and smoothed the way
fortnight after the injury and causes intense and continuous suffering
fortnight. He looked at Natasha with sorrow and surprise as at a bad
fortresses than Kamenski and made them but eat horseflesh!" He swayed
fortunate circumstances of climate, soil, and isolation which made the
fortune, and hastened to reassure him.
fortune, and so he could not be angry with him for refusing to marry
fortunes equaling those of trade, railways, and land speculation. It
forty years of age, and is usually situated on the back between the
forty-eight hours; the waiting suture is then tied, and delayed primary
forty-year-old Russian general's face and, taking him by the ear,
forward and interrupted him. He himself did not yet know what he would
forward and pushed through both Houses of Parliament three measures,
forward and upset an old woman who was catching at a biscuit; the
forward as a triumph and did not seek battle as eagerly as in former
forward to the opposite bank and, though there was a ford one third of
forward, open fire, and overwhelm with shellfire the enemy's
forward, the hips are flexed, and abduction and other movements of the
forward. She cautiously took one step and then another, and found
forwards, or forwards and laterally just above the ankle. The
fostered by the provincial officials, and the Anglicans, embracing about
fought among themselves, and Pierre saw that one German was badly
foul streets, tattered inhabitants, and the sick and drunken
found and where the country was richest.
found on the surface of the bone, lining the Haversian canals and in the
found partly in European conditions and partly in the cheapness of
found that easier. The committeemen met him at the first door and,
found that peace and inner harmony only through the horror of death,
found the West a strange mixture of all sorts and conditions of people.
found their markets for cotton, rice, tobacco, corn, and bacon
found there. They abused the police and bribed them, made out
found, fixed on two saddles and covered with a horsecloth, a small
foundation of prosperity for the railways and the people.
foundations on such principles and organizing its powers in such form"
founded in 1858 and named after the governor of Kansas whence came many
founded originally on state law and subject to state government, was
founded, and destructive of the great objects for which it was formed."
four and a half million whites."
four and six in the morning, when it may be about 97 o F.
four hours after meals, and about the same hour each day.
four hundred cities, including Memphis, Spokane, Birmingham, Newark, and
four or five days, and stitches of coaptation in from seven to ten days.
four to six weeks the discharge of lymph ceases and the wound heals.
four years later and then rose in 1920 to about the same figure.
four years, and, together with the Vice-President, chosen for the same
fourteen hours. It is disgraceful, a stain on our army, and as for
fourteenth (1868) and fifteenth (1870) amendments, giving the ballot to
fox had been found, and the whole pack, joining together, rushed along
fracture, there may be bending or curving of the new case, and this
fracture--may become, if replaced in position, firmly and permanently
fractured bone--the changes are similar to those in a divided nerve, and
fractures and dislocations in the region of the elbow. Division of the
fractures, amputations, and many other operations was appalling, and
fragments of clothing, gravel and blood-clot, removed, the wound
frame of mind, concerning vengeance, killing, and self-sacrifice,
frames and panes broken and a courtyard surrounded by the remains of a
framework and not from the muscle fibres. Innocent tumours, such as the
framing it, and her hostility was deep and open. So the convention cast
frankly said so. They said: "Nothing but sorrow, shame, and ruin
frantically shouted "Hurrah!" and resolved that tomorrow, come what
free from soldiers, wagons, and the filthy traces of a camp--he saw
free from the fear of her father, and even the possibility of love and
free margins, and in addition are characteristically undermined, so that
free of his fever and particularly lively. When Pierre reached the
free surface, forming an _inflammatory exudate_. The quantity and
free the slaves whom he found, and called upon them to take up arms in
free, so there is no condition in which he need be unhappy and lack
freedmen and excluding from public office the Confederate
freedom as his wealth, his education, and his social position had
freedom of which he is conscious in himself is impossible, and that
freedom, she begged Princess Mary to forget everything and forgive her
freedom. He learned that suffering and freedom have their limits and
freedom]; she now offers to lead, aid, and accompany us in it. By
freehold, so cheap and abundant was land; and in fact a large proportion
freeholders, merchants, inhabitants of towns, and Protestant
freely movable, and are rarely sensitive unless there is superadded
freely opened and explored, firstly to find the body and further to
freely to alleviate pain. Stimulation is to be avoided, and the patient
freely when abraded, are liable to ulcerate from friction and pressure,
freely, and often corruptly, granted to private companies by city
freely. Faintness and giddiness are marked features. The diminished
freight and passengers, that favoritism was shown to large shippers,
frequent crackle of musketry, but it was irregular and feeble in
frequent hot baths, and by the wearing of warm underclothing. While the
frequent than in tabes, and they usually involve the upper extremity in
frequent, more severe, and of longer duration, until eventually the
frequently during Countess Mary's pregnancies, and this was such a
frequently followed by healing of the sinus, and that, if one injection
frequently in relation to pyaemia and to typhoid fever. These may result
frequently met with in inflammations of the serous and synovial
frequently met with. The disease attacks and destroys every structure
frequently multiple. Pain is a constant symptom, and is often severe,
frequently on the battery and spent bullets buzzed and whistled
frequently one. Daily contact was had between him and his employees, who
frequently the body is bent forward so that the knees and chin almost
frequently the subject of venereal infection, and also of epithelioma
fresh air and sunlight, want of exercise, and by other conditions which
fresh apples, and wolf and fox skins hung about.
fresh, bright, and very still. Just before the window was a row of
friend's lack of comprehension. "Why, you have read his letter and you
friend, I have thought and thought again about your affair. You see,
friend. She ran to meet her, embraced her, and began to cry on her
friend. Though his views on the tariff, internal improvements, and other
friendly and flattering manner: they were all evidently firmly
friends and dependents who, owing to their secret methods and back
friends and punishing enemies" by advising members to vote for or
friends of free homesteads for farmers and workingmen mingled with
friendship as she who had herself suffered so much could render, and
friendship dating from your childish days, and to see him so
fright. Rostov reined in his horse, and his eyes sought his foe to see
frightened and angry faces struggled for the mop: how differently do
frightened and drew back in astonishment at the forces they had
frightened and inquiring look. He was about to stoop over her hand and
frightened eyes and seemed merrier than usual. She understood hardly
frightened face and reported to Napoleon that their attack had been
frightened here?" and the artilleryman understood him.
frightened lest she should be in the way and tried to find excuses for
frightened little girl, was afraid of looking at her, and yet felt
frightened look on her face and showing no concern for her mistress.
fringes--and great oedema of the peri-articular tissues (Fig. 163). The
frivolously gay and vain. She did not at all realize that before
fro, throwing up their knapsacks with a jerk of their shoulders and
frock and hair.
frock, darted in and stopped short in the middle of the room. It was
from Honolulu carried sugar, molasses, and fruits from Hawaii to the
from Kentucky and Tennessee. When the great compromise of 1820-21
from Kutuzov's and animated by different motives.
from Kutuzov, and received at night, breaking in on his beauty sleep.
from Missouri and was settled mainly by farmers from the North. Though
from Napoleon, and from the awkward wording of Memorandum No. 178.
from Olmutz and that he wanted to see him as he had a letter and money
from Smolensk and two miles from the main road to Moscow.
from Tula and other towns in the interior. You will be responsible
from Vera Cruz and the incident closed.
from a haematoma may be withdrawn by an exploring needle, and the
from a pea to a cherry, attached to the tendon and moving with it. They
from a pea to a pigeon's egg, and usually attains its maximum size
from a region beyond the mountains, peopled by men and women from all
from above slowly and lightly as a feather, among the heap of corpses.
from all this shame and sorrow, but wanted now to play with him as a
from among that mass of dogs, and then her forepaws were on the edge
from an excited throng in the streets. Then he seized his pen and wrote:
from bursts of anger in the presence of Kurakin and then of Balashev.
from camp to camp, from town to town, and from ranch to ranch, without
from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the attendance of
from dropping into his usual after-dinner nap, and laughed at
from drudgery and began taking him with him when he went out on
from evil and lead him into the path of truth, but evil thoughts of
from four to eight weeks,--and includes the period of incubation, the
from half an hour to an hour, and the treatment may be carried out once
from having experienced the change of feeling toward Napoleon and
from her brother that Papa was asleep and Mamma was in the sitting
from her neck the necklace the young Armenian was wearing, and the
from him, a cannon ball tore up the dry earth and disappeared. A chill
from him, and Rostov felt as in a dream that he continued to be
from him, and had it not been for two friends who had borrowed large
from his eyes. "Call Andrew!" he said suddenly, and a childish,
from his hairy arm and only then was he able to relate what had
from his home and, in place of the luxury and comfort to which he
from his own doctrine and intrusted the construction of the Constitution
from home and meet one of your own people whom you want to talk
from its scabbard and flourishing it.
from lesions from these in the primary and secondary stage lesions of
from loss of elasticity of the vessel wall and narrowing of the lumen as
from meddling and renounce his personal wish directed to something
from morning till night and abstemious, so of course I am well."
from one to another, grew stronger and reached its climax
from our scouts. Here are two letters from Count Nostitz and here is
from power, and sent him to jail. In Philadelphia, the local Republican
from prejudices, and equality of citizenship, and all these ideas
from present affairs, but then he suddenly started and his face
from pressure on the veins and nerves as they pass under the clavicle;
from reaction and persecution. From their prison in France, two of them
from sale and held until Congress was prepared to enact laws for the
from that direct course and, not finding itself pursued, was naturally
from that of a tuberculous lesion in being tough and firm, of a buff
from the Emperor to Count T., Prince V., and others. Then he bursts
from the Revolution leaving the people to anarchy, and Napoleon
from the Russian army, and Kutuzov was left with only his own weak and
from the South, and Clay from a border state. For nearly forty years
from the Ukraine excellent horses which pleased him and earned him
from the bench, and he rode to Fili where his carriages were waiting.
from the bonds of State and Church, a teaching of equality,
from the bridges and slipped stealthily and silently past the church
from the cattle and sheep ranges. In many sections the "cattle king," as
from the chest may be brought up to form a new forehead and eyelids.
from the court arrived, and on the first of May, Denisov was ordered
from the hampering interference of the Southern planters and the
from the horses, and not a soul was to be seen there. In the great
from the immense quantity of phenomena of which it is cognizant and
from the infantry and approached Kutuzov. Of Kutuzov's suite only four
from the joys and sorrows of this world--overflowed the great grief
from the neck and brought up to where it is wanted. In this way, skin
from the old Southern states--from Virginia and the Carolinas as well as
from the old government buildings in New Orleans and the Stars and
from the other side of Europe killed and ruined the people of Smolensk
from the periosteum of the base of the skull and project into the
from the porch and the cook came running into the vestibule.
from the rag, and handed it to Pierre.
from the right, in the unlifting smoke the guns boomed, and out of the
from the rising full moon, and that vast red ball swayed strangely
from the said colonies and plantations and improving and securing the
from the seat of war came contradictory news, false as usual and
from the service and go abroad, and see England, Switzerland and
from the shaft and new bone formed in relation to it. Haemorrhages also
from the sheep and convert it into the best clothes. We want a company
from the sound by a barefooted girl, and a stout, rosy, good-looking
from the surrounding tissues and is cut across above and below. Any
from the territories of California and New Mexico ... I am for
from the village, and over the fields the larks rose trilling, one
from the village. The Russian Cossacks and bugler and the French
from the yard to the house and back again, shouting confused
from their context. Every word and action of his was the manifestation
from them some of the plate and bronzes that were in the drawer, moved
from this by its more rapid progress and by the pigmentation of the
from this distressful life, and leads it to its place of recompense
from two to five days after the operation, and take the form of
from two to three atmospheres, and permeates everything contained in it.
from under her curls and boisterous, childish laughter, as he had
from under their thick, bushy eyebrows sternly scanned all present and
from violet into gray and milky white, and "boom!" came the report a
from your look, so gentle, calm, and penetrating, a look I loved so
front and back, galloped strenuously forward, and with a dashing
front and men four abreast, spread across the bridge and began to
front and, walking backwards before the company, jerked his
front cart, shouting and scolding a soldier with coarse abuse. In each
front corner of the room, and went up to Dolokhov, holding out a
front line and that of the enemy were far apart on the right and
front of it stood carriages without horses and things were being
front of the battery and along the Kamenka streamlet retreated. From
front of the entrance. But Napoleon had dressed and come out with such
front of the sheds, and animated French talk mingled with curses
front of the valet. She knew of the duel and had come to speak about
front porch to meet their master. A score of women serfs, old and
front), and others. At that time a famous joke of Ermolov's was
front, and began replaiting it. Her long, thin, practiced fingers
front, beside, and behind him. Pierre ran down the slope. "Where am
front, flourishing his arm and saying something with a stern look. The
front, the wounded carried away, and the ranks closed up. If any
frontal bone. Pus is formed between the bone and the dura (suppurative
frontier and war began, that is, an event took place opposed to
frontier settlements, and hiding places for runaway slaves. Thus the
frontier, and I have this moment received from Petersburg a note, in
frontiersman fleeing from the advancing borders of farm and town. In
frost-bite, in which the skin tends to blister and give way, leaving an
frost-bitten noses and cheeks, and nearly all had red, swollen and
frost-bitten, and starving--and the column that had been presented
frown on every face and only Kutuzov's angry grunts and occasional
frowning suddenly. "Vereshchagin is a renegade and a traitor who
frozen in a minute and must go back--but you wrap the fur cloak
frozen, and a considerable portion removed with the knife; if only a
fruitful field of clinical investigation and therapeutics. He has shown
fruitless years there, "ignored by the court, living in obscurity and
fugitive slaves, and the vogue of a popular novel seemed of slight or
full and honorable discharge of the interest and principal. The spoils
full conflict with the allied French and Indians. Georgia, by clever
full dosage of which is 0.9 grm. As subcutaneous and intra-muscular
full of sick and dead Frenchmen, cavalrymen, and members of the staff.
full of years and honors. Madison was in dignified retirement, destined
full rations and the prisoners already taken were perishing of hunger.
fuller accounts of the same events and characters. To put it bluntly, we
fuller, more joyful. Still more and more joyful!" And from an
fully conscious of the gravity of the disease, and his mind remains
fully devoted to him and who must rejoice at his former master's
fully occupied and valued at nearly seven billion dollars--almost five
fully out from behind the clouds, and the clear sound of the
fully prepared to take the most resolute and desperate steps to punish
function. Extension by weight and pulley is the most valuable means of
functions are exaggerated, and the framework of the bone becomes
functions may be retarded or abolished, and the subsequent growth of the
fundamental. As towns grew in size and the number of landless citizens
funds; (4) permanent tenure during good behavior; and (5) no dismissals
fungating granulations protrude from the sawn end of the bone, and if
funny story about B., and only remembered that I ought not to have
furious, threw his stick at Philip, and instantly gave instructions to
furiously up, and then all eyes were turned on an approaching sleigh
furnish new resources to agriculture and commerce in the form of credit
furnish the whole interest of the story, and we are still unable to
furnished by his decision with regard to his wife's debts and to the
furnishes the sole cutaneous supply becomes insensitive, and the other
furnishes the strongest evidence of permanent, common interest with, and
furnishing men and supplies, the indolence of civilians, who lived at
furniture was being carried out or moved about, and the mirrors and
furs, lumber, and salt pork; New England, fish, flour, rum, furs, shoes,
further contraction, and this brings about a claw-like deformity of the
further in among the plants and threw down the doll. "Closer, closer!"
fuse, and an abscess is formed in which fluctuation can be detected.
fusion committee representing Whigs, Free Soilers, and Democrats was
futility. Some of the ablest men refused to accept election to it, and
future happy and loving wife.
future of America so full of promise, Jefferson concluded: "A wise and
future sister-in-law as soon as the Rostovs arrived and to try to
gag her!" and, changing his position, set his foot on the wolf's neck.
gaiety with which Zherkov spoke, and to the intentional coldness of
gaily and contentedly galloped along the roads of Poland, without
gaily, were escorting him and the other criminals; he felt it in the
gain access to the sinus, and through it to the wall of the abscess.
gall-bladder, and other abdominal organs. Haemorrhage from the mucous
gallery, an anteroom, and a hall, which were familiar to him, into a
gallop and reined in his horse with an amused expression.
gallop and using his leather whip, rode an officer, disheveled and
gallop, which grew faster and faster as they drew nearer to our Uhlans
galloped in after him. It was cold and uncanny in the rapid current in
galloped past the company, and overtook the carriage, still keeping
galloped through the Semenovsk hollow and as soon as they reached
galloped to the advanced line under the fire of the French and had
galloped to the place whence came the sounds of firing and where the
galloping turned sharply to the left, and Pierre, losing sight of him,
games. The countess, when she had identified them and laughed at their
gangrene and pyaemia.
gangrene may ensue, especially if the wound is infected. Punctured and
gangrene supervene, and the dead portion is delimited by a line of
gangrene, but the local results of bacterial action and the
gantlet. The collision between the _Merrimac_ and the _Monitor_ in
gap is completely filled up, and that coincidently the epithelium
gap may be felt between the retracted ends, and this becomes wider when
garden by the light of the illuminations and to the sound of music
garden earth, dung-heaps, and stable refuse. It is a slender rod-shaped
garden had been cut down and a piebald mare and her foal were
garden path, arched his back and, rushing headlong toward the porch
garden the shadows of the bare trees often fell across the road and
garden without noticing Arakcheev who, holding his sword and
garden, where, seeing Balashev and the Emperor returning to the
garments were called for and received from the footman by bare girlish
gastro-intestinal and urinary disturbances; and derangements of the
gate Dolokhov whistled. The whistle was answered, and a maidservant
gate, listening to the sounds and looking in silence at the people.
gates. The revelation of the illiteracy in the army raised the cry and
gateway, splashing through the mud, and talked to the innkeeper. Above
gathered and prepared by her. The smell and taste of it all had a
gatherings Julie and Boris looked on one another as the only souls who
gauze, and treating it by the open method, if this is possible.
gave an order, and the dragoons formed up in line. The crowd moved
gave her no pleasure was here and they met every week. Like the old
gave him a bewildered look and passed by without a word. A woman
gave little heed to carping critics who saw the flaws and not the
gave the driver a three-ruble tip, and on arriving he ran
gave to Townshend and the Tory party practical control over Parliament.
gave to everyone. Pierre was so used to that smile, and it had so
gaze drooped his eyes sadly and again took to twirling his snuffbox.
gazed attentively and fixedly at these prisoners, who presented a
gazing at Weyrother's face, and only turned away his eyes when the
gazing at her sparkling eyes, and under the mustache a happy rapturous
gazing at his head and at the little arms and legs which showed
gazing tenderly at her and the child. "But no, it is impossible, I
gazing timidly and imploringly at her, evidently afraid that she might
gear, take off a skull, and hand it to the trembling victim with the
gelatinous pus the organism is cultivated without difficulty, and this
general and colonel looked sternly and significantly at one another
general circulation, and bleeding from the wound should be encouraged.
general constitutional disturbance. Variations in these signs and
general health is scarcely affected and the convalescence from an
general hyperaemia of all the organs of the abdominal, thoracic, and
general illness in which there is moderate pyrexia and profuse sweating,
general looked the captain up and down as he came up panting,
general paralysis of the insane, locomotor ataxia, and other chronic
general poisoning, and, from the fact that it produces a marked
general stir, and a footman who had run in announced, with a
general surroundings and the local applications are gradually made
general they were not expecting a battle and were engaged in
general toxaemia and septic pneumonia. When recovery takes place there is
general with the white mustache and red flushed face.
general's uniform with plumes in his hat went up to Kutuzov and said
general, and Pierre especially, for he reminded him of all the painful
general, continuing to read, frowned angrily and jerked his elbows, as
general--of whom Austria has so many--and to lay down all this heavy
generally enlarged and tender.
generally kept very strictly to social distinctions and rarely
generally when he was dying of wounds and the sovereign had thanked
generals and courtiers accompanying the army were living in the best
generals and staff officers in full parade uniform stood in front of
generals killed and wounded, of reinforcements needed, of the
generals rode behind him. Barclay was riding almost beside him, and
generals who, in 1775 and 1776, dallied in Boston and New York with
generals, gentlemen-in-waiting, and Polish magnates--several of whom
generals, officers, and soldiers, and never contradicted those who
generals, who one after another came into the room and sat down on the
generation that followed the age of Douglas and Lincoln, it must be
generation, "We are prepared to respect and honor you, but all the
generations. Explorers, fired by curiosity and the lure of the
generous pretensions, and Zapata, a radical leader of the peons. Without
generous spirit and tireless labors of its first proprietor, the leader
genital passage, leads to examination for vaginal discharge; and if none
genitals, anus, perineum, buttock, and anterior abdominal wall. The
genius, and the free labor supply of Europe. Unseen by the thoughtless,
genius, stupidity and immeasurable baseness become evident.
genius--now appeared to him an obvious truth. "What theory and science
genius. Prince Auersperg feels his dignity at stake and orders the
gentian in his hair and, gleefully rubbing his hands, would say:
gentle Princess Mary, who was attractive to him and had an enormous
gentleman could amass and involved risks more imminent than he dared to
gentlemen have gone out, and his Serene Highness himself rode past
gentlemen in militia uniforms, wept for Russia and its ancient capital
gentlemen who will rise in his place and affirm that if he were a
gentleness and affection. He could not refuse the post, or rather
gentlewoman who lived in their house. Denisov, with sparkling eyes and
geologists, veterinarians, surveyors, and other technical officers were
geometric formation, now in the equipment employed, now, and most
geometry book and eagerly broke the seal of her letter. It was from
gesticulating rapidly and energetically with his white hands, almost
gesture, "and tell our brave men and all my good subjects wherever you
get better acquainted," and he pressed Boris' hand. "Do you know, I
get it all; wasn't it so, your excellency?" and again Timokhin
get on with those who can grant rewards, and he was himself often
get paid first, and those who like Mitenka held promissory notes given
get there and fire the bridge or will the French get within
getting nothing for the house, and now you wish to throw away all our-
getting on had become a habit. Schemes and devices for which he
getting things packed. But of late Sonya had been particularly sad and
getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice.
getting up with characteristic briskness and holding out his hand to
getting up, he said: "I lay down and curled up, I get up and shake
giant-celled tumour, and various forms of sarcoma.
giant-cells appear ("_foreign-body giant-cells_") and attach themselves
giantism, and also from inflammatory swellings, which usually develop
giddiness, dimness of sight, and a feeling of great terror. The pupils
gigantic undertaking. Between the declaration of war and the armistice,
girdled with a cord, a soldier's cap, and bast shoes--was round. His
girl and tried to discover what he thought about marriage.
girl he had saved. Rostov took the joke as an insult, flared up, and
girl might be, began to upbraid him for his quickness of temper, and
girl was Petya. A clown was Dimmler. An hussar was Natasha, and a
girl, and she loves me..."
girl, you and your sisters are not heiresses! If you don't believe me,
girls and avoiding their eyes.
girls' former governess, and other people who simply found it
girls, were taught to read and write. Where there were no schools,
give access to the sores. They should be washed with eusol, and dusted
give her a good time. Anatole had asked her to bring him and Natasha
give no signs of life and make blunder after blunder. Kutuzov alone at
give up learning the harp and to play only the guitar. She asked
give up search and seizure. American ship owners who, lured by huge
give yourself up to us, let yourself be guided, and you will at once
given a trial, and in extreme cases the question of amputation may have
given a voice in all decisions affecting their work and welfare; rights
given from the first, and in afebrile cases the injection of a foreign
given in Hart, Channing, and Turner, _Guide to the Study and Reading of
given in pensions and the same amount for asylums; 150,000 alimony was
given it to the old prince), and he heard from him the story of
given parasitic micro-organism has of multiplying in the body and giving
given to the war by the burning of Russian towns and the hatred of the
gives "bounties to classes and individuals ... at the expense and to the
gives the resulting force. To define and express the significance of
gives valuable information and often disclose unsuspected metastases.
giving audiences, but he does not like talking himself and can't do
giving courses of instruction on the subject to young men and women. In
giving her any comfort, seemed to her a wearisome and artificial
giving him a mild expression, rode up to Bagration and welcomed him as
giving him greetings from various people and retailing the town
giving testimony in courts, and purchasing, selling, and leasing
glad light--Pierre felt a new joy and strength in life such as he
glad that ladies and tradesmen's wives were leaving the city. "There
glad, affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm. Before he
glade and were kindling glowing fires in a hollow of the forest
glance at the esaul and Denisov one saw that the latter was wet and
glance round. Anna Mikhaylovna, with a meek, sorrowful, and
glance were brighter and more attractive.
glance, and hardly able to restrain her tears and maintain the
glance, and then to her joys he saw that "Granddad" said something
glanced at Helene and smiled at her.) "My dear Helene, be charitable
glanced at Natasha. She turned away from him and glanced at her
glanced at Prince Andrew, and, evidently not recognizing him, moved
glanced at him and turned to Pierre.
glanced ironically at Pierre, whose preoccupied, absent-minded, and
glanced round at Sonya and seated herself on the sofa beside Natasha.
glanced round at a chair (which seemed to place itself under him), and
glanced uneasily at the count and at Anna Mikhaylovna, the latter very
glanced up at her through tears of laughter, and again hid her face.
glanced with his large eyes into Balashav's face and immediately
glances without coloring, but even the old countess and Natasha
glancing at Prince Vasili and at her father with her beautiful eyes.
glancing into the drawing room, where he saw Vera and his mother
glancing round with restless eyes while his arms and legs twitched. He
glancing up at him from under her brows, smiling, and almost crying
glans penis, and give rise to difficulty in diagnosis, which is only
glaring savagely over his spectacles, and then again resuming his
glass was smashed, and the shouting grew louder. They drank to
glass, gesticulated, shrugged his shoulders, and finally, without
glass, hardware, and ammunition were drawn almost across the continent
glasses, and sat down.
gleamed in the sun. Here and there over the whole of that blue
glimpses of swiftly moving legs and the shadows of the troyka they
glio-sarcoma and is highly malignant.
glistening and tightly stretched over them. A similar tumour may occur
glitter of diamonds and a flight of marble steps and the silver
glittered brightly and its bells were ringing particularly clearly.
glittered coldly and vindictively. "Did you see her?" she added, after
glittered. And with that light, and as if in reply to it, came the
glittering close to her; the red patches on her face came and went,
glittering eyes rapturously turned toward her, and especially his
glittering little eyes, and a small beard. He wore a fine,
glittering teeth and sparkling eyes. She told of an accident they
gloomy gravity and glancing round at his comrades, "there is an
glory of our arms and of the day's work, they assumed a serious
glowed, they were hungry and very cheerful. They looked at one another
gluteal muscles, particularly the medius, and their aponeurotic
glycerine and lemon juice.
glycogen as it is required by the muscles, and in addition, deals with
go and ask him, I!... does that satisfy you?"
go anywhere without him, and his failing health prevented his going
go away and the couple, left alone, still remained silent. They rarely
go in and find no one there." But he had hardly entered the room
go to bed, and for a long time he paced up and down the room,
go.' called us all to him and, will you believe it, placed us in front
goal. Every soldier in Napoleon's army felt this and the invasion
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
god and not to use it godlike." Leaders among the Republicans sought to
gods and, after that, the will of those who stood in the most
going home. Difficult and strange as it was for him to reflect that he
going on in the interior, and the cortex may be reduced to a thin shell
going on in this country and in other countries for a single gold
going out and coming in.
going out, and Rostov heard the hoofs of several horses splashing
going: and besides--I am not Joan of Arc or an Amazon."
gold coin in his palm. "She will soon be singing and frolicking about.
gone Pierre approached Prince Andrew and was about to start a
gone out of the conservatory she followed and called Boris to her.
gone through," and she sympathetically turned up her eyes.
gone, tracks grown up in weeds and bushes, not a saw mill near the line
gone. Having got warm in his corner, he fell asleep and did not
good Pierre--have talked and laughed about this. So it's all right."
good action, and more than that, you can't make me believe that you do
good and for their own benefit to follow the example and instruction
good authority that this doctor is a very learned and able man. He
good deal of pain and discomfort. When, on the contrary, the upper part
good fellow, who a bad one, and most of all, who was a comrade. The
good friend, an adjutant general and an excellent fellow, Prince
good in the world. Pierre had first experienced this strange and
good!" said Natasha, rising and going to the looking glasses.
good, agreeable, and even essential--would not have taken place. If
good-natured naivete she told her intimate friends (and these were all
good-natured, sincere, and animated levity. "But you see... another
good-naturedly, and sent him on errands. But to Pierre he always
goodness, and all humanity.
goods from the colonies and even the woolen trade between towns and
goods to be brought from, and carried to, the interior regions in little
goods, such as cloth, and receiving in payment a half of what they
goods, the Sons of Liberty renewed their agitation, and women set about
goods." After the Indians were disposed of in 1794 and the last British
goot to come to ze front and see dat zis position iss no goot? I don't
gossip, religious controversy, and political discussion. In the market
got into his caleche and drove from Letashovka (a village three and
got up and began watching the movements of our troops below, as
got up, sighed, and sat down again on his heap of straw. "That's the
gouty and rheumatic subjects who have overstrained the tendon,
governess and tutor, his wife's nephew with his tutor, Sonya, Denisov,
governess. The other guests were Gervais, Magnitski, and Stolypin.
governing Synod and prayed for it.
government a bit, a member of the Moscow English Club, and a universal
government and for the performance of international obligations. Our
government and giving a new dignity to the common man that has become a
government and the grand principles involved, the opinion of the
government as wanton aggression on a weaker nation and granted money and
government enjoyed by property owners and taxpayers.
government had come to look upon it as an object of special interest and
government has no purpose of aggression and is entirely disinterested in
government is equally incompatible with the monarchical principle and
government of Spain having lost control of Cuba and being unable to
government of dependencies, such as the Philippines and Porto Rico, the
government of the United States, and to exercise like authority over all
government ownership and the government itself, boldly proclaiming their
government to disavow the act, make reparation as far as possible, and
government to which submission is equivalent to slavery." The third and
government toward neutral ships and cargoes exceeds the manifest
government was freed from dependence upon stubborn and tardy
government whose principal duty was to keep the peace among them and
government, and tyrannical ministers fled from their palaces. Then came
government, have a right, if on American soil, to frame a government and
government, the ranchmen, miners, and business men of California; and it
government--money and soldiers.
government. The exemptions were numerous and the number who preferred
government; and the people at large fell into the habit of buying
governor and reserved the power of appointment to the king. It also
governor did not count, the legislature did not count, comptrollers and
governor was a brisk little man, very simple and affable. He indicated
governor was arrested, imprisoned, and sent back across the sea under
governor's wife had intentions concerning herself and Rostov--their
governor's wife herself, who welcomed Rostov as a near relative and
governor, the provincial councilors, and the richest planters. "The
gown and held the stem of his pipe firmly with the other. Panting
gown, and went out. Natasha had put on one spurred boot and was just
gown, talked to her of old acquaintances and at the same time, unaware
graceful as everything she did in his presence and, looking up at
gracefully lift a hind leg and run very easily and quickly on three
gracious and majestic expression of imperial welcome.
grades, and following the battle fresh changes were made in the staff.
gradual abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia and the total
gradually become larger and deeper. They are not infrequently multiple,
gradually faded into the past, and she began to recover physically.
gradually fades away, and he falls in a heap on the floor.
gradually permeated and eventually replaced by new connective tissue.
gradually restored and these symptoms pass off. In some cases,
graft to fill defects in the dura mater, and interposed between the
grafting knife, the blade of which is rinsed in alcohol and kept
grain was superseded by the towering elevator, loading and unloading
granaries, cattle yards and stables before dinner. Having taken
granted only the barest rudiments of education, inured to hardship and
granular protoplasm and a multi-partite nucleus; if still warm, the
granulation and cicatricial tissue.
granulation tissue grows into the space and gradually fills it; and
granulation tissue with the spoon, scraping sinuses, and packing the
granulation tissue, and its replacement by cicatricial tissue, so that
granulation tissue, and when it is of long standing the opening may be
granulations and small sloughs on its floor. The edges are raised and
granulations, their disposition, size, colour, vascularity, and whether
grape-like bunches, they are known as _staphylococci_, and to this
grapeshot range and wipe them out?" These were the questions each
grasp of the ligature. An internal clot forms and, becoming organised,
grasp their significance, and seeing that significance can refrain
grasp, it is an admirable book which calms and elevates the soul.
grasped from side to side between the finger and thumb. The sensation on
grass through the mist and taking it for a tree can again take it
grass, and a horse, dangling fragments of its shaft behind it,
grated on him like a false note. Prince Andrew did not laugh and
grating. Dislocation is observed chiefly at the hip, and is rather a
graven in his soul: thoughts of the Contrat social and the French
gravitated to the Republican ranks. They worked in the North and the
gravitation, and they collapse, and as a physiological result of this
gravity. The left median basilic vein is selected, and a platino-iridium
gray clouds gliding slowly across it. "How quiet, peaceful, and
great and wonderful blessing has been revealed."
great as a man could embrace, and evidently long ago some of its
great as might be expected, and can be further diminished by plastic
great clock struck two and another with a shrill tone joined in from
great compromise between the large and small commonwealths by giving
great confusion and obscurity to the common task. Whatever question
great deal of attention within recent years, and many agents have been
great deal. Of the two soups he chose turtle with savory patties and
great debt had been created in the defense of the union, and to the
great effort to say this. "Without a name and without means... And
great geographical extent of our territory, and the diversity of the
great importance and that no time must be lost. He did not consider or
great many officers like him were always coming there and that
great oedema of the part, and others again lead to the formation of gases
great plantations were broken up and sold in small farms, crops were
great rapidity, and at an early stage giving rise to secondary growths.
great size, projecting on the buttock and extending down the thigh, and
great success. There were many pretty girls and the Rostov girls
greatcoat as from a bottle. He had that moment been wounded and his
greatcoats were not in very good condition), and instantly the squares
greater liberty of contract to American sailors and requiring an
greater or lesser readiness to fight and face danger felt by all the
greater part of his time away from home, at dinners, parties, and
greater respect and self-complacency than his did.) "Well, he
greatest efforts of us; and so, led astray by pride, losing sight of
greatest honor and mark of favor at the French court.
greatly afflicted by the death of the father he had hardly known), and
greatly swollen, livid, and cold, and the pulse beyond is completely
greatness of soul?" said the little princess, smiling and drawing
greenbacks withdrawn from circulation and gold--a metal more limited in
greenish-yellow pus from which the staphylococcus can be isolated, and
greeting, and the first regiment roared "Hurrah!" so deafeningly,
greetings, and sit down to business in front of a map, where he
grenadier, who, with his face buried in the ground and a blackened
grew accustomed to making laws and laying taxes for itself. Here was a
grew along a boundary rut, rubbed them in his palms, and smelled their
grew cold and had a shivering fit. Marya Dmitrievna put a pillow under
grew into immense proportions and the industrial area was extended from
grew still louder and merged into a general roar that only an army
grew still merrier, and some of them could not refrain from
grey colour, the discharge is small in amount, and consists of thin
grief and by her own personal feelings which she shared with no one.
grief in her vexation, "if you won't obey the doctor and take your
grievances. It thus defied the federal government and announced a
grieve him, and to know that you cannot alter this. Then there is only
grieved and mortified Nicholas. In the first place he was sorry that
grieved him and yet he was pleased.
grimace and then assume a most serious, deferential, and innocent
grimace. "Really it's no time for your stupid jokes," and he left
gripped in a vice, and has extreme difficulty in getting breath. Between
groaned and dropped. But he did not look at them: he looked only at
groans, and the shuffling of feet be heard.
grooves in the rifle, and to prevent it stripping as it passes through
grooves, and are retained there by a series of strips of plaster. At the
gross dirt. Devitalised and contaminated tissue is removed with the
ground their grain at his mill; and they were subject to his judicial
ground, and began dancing round the room with it.
ground, and creaking can be felt on palpation.
ground, shall withdraw the left flank under its cover, and retreat
ground, so that in walking he is obliged to jerk the foot forwards and
ground. Natasha blushed happily. "I like him and all his family. Now
ground. Though he thought of everything, considered everything, and
grounds of justice; and from the suffragists who besought the women of
group form an acid solution when dissolved in water, and must be
group includes lumbago, stiff-neck, and pleurodynia--conditions which
group of muscles have a typical and practically constant position within
group was busy getting out caldrons and rye biscuit, and feeding the
groups of patriots formed to exchange views and create public sentiment.
groups of peasants and landowners that remained unknown. A sacristan
grow luxuriantly. Refrigeration for steamships and freight cars put the
growing dusk. All day it had been calm and frosty with occasional
growing excited. "What about your son, your sister, and your father?"
growing impatient, and stamped her foot, ready to cry at his not
growing more and more intense glowed in the faces of these men.
growing sarcoma, and a normal artery raised on a cervical rib.
growing up and rejoices in life, in which like everybody else he
growing warmer and beating his chest, "I'll make them eat horseflesh!"
growing, the effects are more striking. Gummatous disease may come and
grown young, and he was quietly telling me something about the
grows from the skull. It is generally sessile and solitary, and may grow
grows from the subcutaneous fat, and forms a soft, irregularly lobulated
growth of granulation tissue beneath and around it.
growth of the United States and dreamed of establishing in the Western
growth of the epidermis is a frequent accompaniment of moles and of that
guaranteed to friendly powers by treaty and international law, and
guard for the old views and accused the new of violating revelation.
guarded and which is now no more. They reek of decay and death. Only a
guessed the reason of that sadness and suddenly began to cry.
guests jostling one another and trying to get a good look at Bagration
guests were and exchanging glances with Natasha, who was sitting
guests, and so he went from one group to another. Some of the most
guidance from those who blame him and who profess to know the ultimate
guidance of a young woman; and what have you done? You have not helped
guided by individual men, and (2) the existence of a known aim to
guiding her soul at those moments. She crossed herself, bowed low, and
guilt and the disgrace of having lost two guns and yet remaining alive
guise of vagrancy and apprentice laws. Such methods were in fact partly
gum and palate, giving to the mucous membrane the appearance of a
gummata and in the thickened patches in syphilitic disease of the aorta.
gummatous lesions of the nose, throat, larynx, and bones, either with
gummatous lesions with resulting ill-health, and, it may be, waxy
gummatous tissue degenerates and breaks down, and especially if the
gun carriages and with the smell of linstocks, came the artillery
gun-shot wounds implicating both artery and vein are liable to be
guns smashed, and no supports at all."
guns, one knocking over two horses and another tearing off a
gurgle in his throat and he was spitting blood. A bullet had evidently
habits and acquaintances he had made in Moscow formed a current that
habits had changed since he was at home last, and, having assured
hacking, burning, and pillaging, and always receives orders for
had "learned his trade on the continent," and was regarded as a man of
had I the nerve to lie and look up at that deadly black shadow wavering down upon me? Already I was unable to stand erect, when my eye caught something which brought a gush of hope back to my heart.
had a house, an inn, and a corn dealer's shop in that province. He was
had a new significance for him. The presence and remarks of
had a second, a third, and a thousandth corporal and private also
had accused Douglas, Buchanan, and the Supreme Court of acting in
had alighted from his horse and whose big body was jammed
had already been choosing a career for three months, and had not
had also quickened their pace--rode down a hill, and passing through
had any news. On their familiar faces he read agitation and alarm.
had apparently been running), "and I did so wish to have another
had aroused and flew off after the hounds. The count, like a
had as usual summoned the village elder and asked him what he knew
had at first seized Nicholas and the others that she might not do
had attended, and to invitations he had received from N.N. and S.S.
had attracted an army of miners and prospectors. The city of Denver,
had been at Mytishchi, at Troitsa, and at Yaroslavl.
had been at work on the battery, threw down their spades and ran to
had been dug in the ground, and near the post and the pit a large
had been her lady's maid before her marriage and now performed a
had been killed or not and whether the cannon had been captured or
had been liberated and raised to the summit of her glory, there was
had been lying and replied through the closed door that she did not
had been put was damp and he began to cough; Alpatych came to
had been reassigned to his former squadron, had been on duty and had
had been retaken by the Russians and burned, in the very skirmish at
had been shown in and out of the minister's room by the adjutant on
had been since the war for independence and to grant certain slight
had been sitting with the old aunt rose hurriedly and overtook
had been so blocked by vehicles and troops, so many things had been
had been the leaders of their section were ruined financially and almost
had been told to, and the Emperor Francis merely looked fixedly into
had been tried, flogged, and sent to serve as a soldier.
had been wounded under him and his own arm slightly grazed by a
had brought into the room had vanished; and as if answering a question
had brought the publican some skins from the factory and for this
had cast off all allegiance to the Anglican Church and established a
had cleared off the bridge and the troops were now moving forward.
had come and wanted to put up their horses in the yard where the
had come in for their share of criticism, and it was proposed that they
had come in, and settled up with the innkeeper. The noise of wheels,
had crossed that line and not only was there nothing terrible, but
had crossed the Niemen and, thanks to this, was able to show certain
had cut deep into his heart and drawn blood. Even now he felt
had disappeared leaving them alone, and Anatole had taken her hand and
had disappeared. The hazel bushes parted behind the hounds and
had done for her; then it occurred to her that her aunt and the
had embraced him, and tears of joy choked him so that he could not
had entangled; the count too sighed and, noticing the snuffbox in
had erected and that George III was pulling down.
had established official and trading relations with China. Ten years
had every button and every strap in place, and shone with cleanliness.
had experienced and learned during these weeks and this recollection
had fallen and the full force of the French artillery fire was
had fallen into disorder through the strife of the Liberal and the
had felt a need to escape from it by some strange, and usually
had finished. She jumped up and hugged and kissed him. "Nicholas,
had firmly resolved not to call on the Rostovs again and to forget the
had followed the sovereign from Petersburg to Vilna and eclipsed the
had found her nephew there with his tutor, and a letter from Prince
had gone, Pierre did not go to bed or order horses but paced up and
had got out, in their soaked and streaming clothes, they shouted
had governors and legislatures entirely of their own choosing.
had had in it something very important and poetic.
had he not been able to explain the details of how Metivier and Feller
had he not been so good-looking and had his handsome face not worn
had heard of the swiftness of Ilagin's borzois, and in that
had held the crowd in check suddenly broke. The crime had begun and
had his Brutus, Charles I his Cromwell, and George III...." Cries of
had his eyes closed and was covered just with a pink quilt, and that
had his personal habits, passions, and impulses toward goodness,
had its usual effect on Kutuzov and he gave a sob.
had left the room Kutuzov gave a sigh of relief and went on with his
had long laid claim to Oregon and in 1818 they had agreed to occupy the
had long noticed what was going on between them and was expecting this
had lost nearly half its men from hunger and sickness. In the
had lost only a quarter of their men and still had their Guards
had made of the cost of rebuilding the town and country houses,
had met in society, nor as he had for a long time, and at one time
had mismanaged his wife's property and was to blame toward his
had missed several gatherings of which she was usually ornament, and
had neither provisions nor ammunition. Nicholas ate and drank (chiefly
had no cause to doubt him, but he seemed to me insincere, and all
had no power to suspend the writ of _habeas corpus_. In Congress and
had not been attained and all their efforts and losses were in vain.
had not entered his mind, and now that they did, they did not act on
had not left Prince Vasili's and felt with terror that in people's
had not understood the symptoms, but Frise had, and Mudrov had
had not voted for years and he was fairly innocent in matters political.
had not yet come. Pierre got up and left his new companions,
had occupied but more to the left, and among the orange-colored Uhlans
had offered to undertake them, he now found an unexpected and
had only to follow legal methods, and the transaction would be correct
had overtaken him, to a wounded general he knew, and drove with him
had passed, and at the cost of that temporary unpleasantness he had
had persisted in his request to Kutuzov, arrived at Grunth and
had plagued the country all during the administrations of Washington and
had recognized the Tsar and watched his approach. When he was within
had recourse to a rider on the army bill and carried it through, putting
had ridden past. "In that 'extend' were my father, son, and sister, at
had seen and understood, that he could not answer him.
had seen him. But there were some carriages waiting, and as soon as
had seen them last. The household was divided into two alien and
had sent in good time to Moscow for a doctor and were expecting him at
had served so long. He felt in his own person the sufferings and death
had suddenly quite vanished, and her anxious, imploring eyes were
had suddenly taken a very large dose of the drug, and had died in
had taken part, and his promotion, Nicholas said that he kissed his
had taken place at headquarters and in Boris. In the army, Bonaparte
had tea and their voices were audible from the next room. At tea all
had the armies been united and had someone else, instead of Barclay,
had the right to choose, and these posts never changed hands. Before
had the right, if it could, to blockade the ports of an enemy and
had their moments of antagonism. Occasionally, and it was always
had three daughters besides a son for whom she had longed and whom she
had to be appeased. Many other victims have perished and are perishing
had to be decided, and these conversations around him which were
had to be grew stronger, and he meekly followed Anna Mikhaylovna who
had to be left behind and making a list of them as the countess
had to be under the forms of law and according to the rules of business.
had to bear, bring into the world, nurse, and bring up.
had to cross by ferry. While the carriage and horses were being placed
had to put on a burnoose and sit in a mosque, so in Moscow he must
had vainly suffered all the dread that precedes a battle and had spent
had wrought American independence and set the government afloat. With
haemophylics, have been mistaken for acute abscesses and incised, with
haemorrhage by ulcerating into large blood vessels. All the local and
haemorrhage has been arrested, iodoform and bismuth paste is rubbed into
haemorrhage may occur into the cavity of a bursa and give rise to a
haemorrhage or by implication of the ureters and kidneys. Independently
haemorrhage, and by rendering the vessels brittle, makes it difficult to
haemostasis that results from curling up of the intima and contraction of
hair and a plump, well-nourished body. The fourth was a peasant, a
hair on his temples as was his habit, glanced now at Kutuzov and now
hair or finished dressing and with her old nurse's big shawl wrapped
hair, and asked if she felt rested after their journey. She answered
hair, and looked at Bezukhov. The stern, shrewd, and penetrating
hair, and merry faces. It was Natasha, Sonya, and Petya, who had
half a million dollars to the American cause and died broken in purse,
half acres on the Ohio and began operations by planting the town of
half-inch incisions, and, after clamping the vein between two pairs of
half-ruined houses. The seniors tried to collect straw and potatoes
half-severed neck and its livid face stained with blood and dust.
half. And so Pierre was delighted with his visit to his estates and
hall all sat waiting, silently and alert. In the outlying serfs'
halo of romance on account of his supposed death and the tragic loss
halt and an unpleasant consciousness of some dislocation and blunder
halting place. The regiments had entered and left the town with
hamlet and farm. A new nation announced its will to have a place among
hanging down on her nose and her head flung back, stood in the hall
hanging down, her scarcely defined bosom rising and falling regularly,
hanging unnaturally and one leg bent under him. Pierre ran up to the
happen were he free. How he would propose to her and how she would
happened Rostov felt uncomfortable and cast down his eyes.
happened between Sonya and Dolokhov before dinner, and with the kindly
happened to Karay--the borzoi was suddenly on the wolf, and they
happened to Plutarch's men, and I will act as they did. I will do
happened, and now all is changed," she thought as she sat with the
happening at the copse. He knew that young and old wolves were
happening, and Sonya's life in the countess' house had grown harder
happening. In that world some structure was still being erected and
happens that the infection assumes a virulent character and causes
happier, and better-looking.
happiness are wrapped up in you, and that in spite of the distance
happiness depended on that love. She was silent and sad and did not
happiness of love and self-sacrifice. And cost what it may, I will
happiness on the faces of both father and daughter.
happiness possible, and that is just what you want to deprive him
happiness unattainable in this life and of which she involuntarily
happiness with him she had so often repeated in her imagination, and
happiness with thy neighbor, and may envy never dim the purity of that
happiness), feeling the eager bustle around him, and hearing the
happiness. Her slender bare arms and neck were not beautiful--compared
happy face, covered with hoarfrost. "Yes, it is he, happy and
hard at work and in a hurry. "How can I think of the bright side of
hard cider and a log cabin, the Whigs treated the remark not as an
hard dental tumours which are met with in the jaws, and consist of
hard labor), "he was a traitor and a spy. I could not let him go
hard, and (in her own way) proud princess.
hardly daring to dismount and always expecting to be pursued. By the
hardly moved, and in the silence that followed the heavy breathing
hardness, and by the shadow which it presents with the X-rays (Fig. 138).
hardships, sleeping on the ground with them, and eating parched corn
hardy, industrious, and independent in spirit, sharing neither the
hare he made his way far into the forest and came upon the left
hare, and then suddenly jumped up and licked him right on his nose and
hare, but it was easier for the hare to run on the balk and the
harm of disablement and death was caused by the balls and bullets that
harm--and though he did not hate her she gladly prayed for him as
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
harp, she joined the other young ladies in begging Natasha and
harsh voice was heard from the other side of the door, and the
harsh, dry, and easily shed. The nails become brittle and furrowed, or
harvested so early and so well, or got so good a return, as did
has advanced along the Vladimir road, and a fourth, rather
has arrived and there's a letter for you."
has been going on so long, and to take such a step without father's or
has been shown to depend also on a synostosis and imperfect development
has implicated the femoral vessels and led to secondary haemorrhage.
has life one must live and be happy!" thought he.
has long had something on his mind and suddenly determines to speak
has nothing to learn--what softness, tenderness, and strength...."
has now become everything to me?" she asked herself, and immediately
has recovered her looks and is brighter. She sang a song. How easily
has suffered from syphilis and been addicted to alcohol are more liable
has suffered so many disappointments and is so sensitive," said she to
has surging sounds in his ears, and haziness of vision; he yawns,
hastily to undo the buttons of his clothes and undressed him. The
hastily took his seat and told the coachman to drive him to his
hat galloped up to Kutuzov and asked in the Emperor's name had the
hath long been considered as a trade of great inhumanity and under its
hatred of the enemy flared up, and while it retreated the army
hats. Princess Mary lowered her eyes and, tripping over her skirt,
haughty and self-confident.
have I hated in my life? And of them all, I loved and hated none as
have a room of your own," and she took the inkstand from Nicholas.
have a wet nurse is unnatural and harmful. When her next baby was
have abused and beaten them."
have admitted the conception of the infinitely small, and the
have almost entirely disappeared, and the original wound is occupied by
have always, thank God, been my children's friend and had their full
have an equal interest in the principles of its institutions and to be
have another horse and took him along with him.
have been a war had there been no English intrigues and no Duke of
have been broken and badly united, but it is difficult to account for
have been done to attain an end worthy of the nation, and they are not
have been in the mountains of Bohemia, and you and your army would
have been induced to do so by an infinite number of diverse and
have been recorded, and it has been observed that the thermometer
have been wished for, and that no one but himself with his Mitenka and
have been, as they have heard it described by others, and as sounds
have certain and ample compensation. From time to time he advocated
have certain negative qualities, avoid doing certain things, and speak
have certainly acquired a taste for war, and it is just as well for
have dared to mock me so... and now!" He was in a state of physical
have dared to say so, knew it and blushed scarlet every time
have existed. I feel that beyond me and above me there are spirits,
have failed and the condition of the limb is affecting the general
have found a suitable and wealthy match, and now he's half crazy."
have given diplomacy, foreign affairs, world relations, and the
have horses, let them be off to Vladimir, and not leave them to the
have its definite place as a result of what has gone before and as a
have learned to know him, and he will not deceive me any more...."
have mercy on us and save us!" he concluded, then bowed to the ground,
have received very little, Prince Vasili nothing, and it is Monsieur
have repeated the field marshal's address, begun solemnly and then
have ruined him, has reached its extreme limit, and his presence there
have said and therefore was what an ukase emanating from the highest
have seen her plainly as she is, or else you will make a cruel and
have seen the state of the mothers, wives, and children of the men who
have something to tell you. Here, here!" and she led him into the
have taken proper pains and written a more adroit note, or for
have tea. Seats were brought in and so was the tea. The officers gazed
have the fact that up to the twenty-fifth, Barclay de Tolly and
have this in common, that sudden and severe pain is excited by movement
have thought she was angry with the travelers and would immediately
have to choose, and I can't be happy without either of them. Only,"
have to dress in here; and that Andrew had quite changed, and that
have to pay seven rubles a cartload to Dorogobuzh and I tell them
have to throw up everything and come myself to Bald Hills."
have told me what to do. I went to my room and reread Joseph
have written that he should make use of you in proper places and not
have you spent it? In riotous orgies and debauchery, receiving
having been bathed in cold water, was all aglow, and his eyes were
having been captured, of his deposition, and of the choice of a new
having been unjust to the Austrians and especially to Weyrother.
having embraced the one true faith, and asking him to carry out all
having evidently reflected and decided how to act, he very quietly
having in her joy left the child too soon, and she glanced round.
having loved Vera sufficiently and of being so ready to get her off
having realized that the main object of all these words and all this
having rested after yesterday's march, were sitting, clean and
having sent him my whole staff and all that belongs to it, advising
having taken and closed the exercise book with the next day's
having weakened in Moscow, and do so only because the results did
hay and having picked up one of the wealthiest heiresses in Russia, he
hay for his horses, and when he had had his tea he went to bed.
hayfork." Others did not like that tone and said it was stupid and
he "attained an acquaintance" with Latin, Italian, French, and Spanish,
he (the old prince himself) would die before then, and he decided to
he added quickly, and as if his words were always waiting ready in his
he added, forgetting by whose authority slavery was introduced and
he and all his suite showed pleasure at the sound of the singing and
he and his friend Obolenski had lately, in secret, agreed to join
he announced with such solemnity and significance that the official
he ate nothing and kept sighing for you, my charmer! He is madly,
he called "Karabakh" though it was of Ukranian breed, and went up to
he continued to struggle desperately forward, and from between the
he could find no satisfactory position. He kept closing his eyes and
he could give no opinion on such an important government order, and
he could let him have till May, and asked him to be more economical
he could not break away from her, and that though it would be a
he could not look his old comrades in the face and pronounce their
he described the whole campaign with a fearless self-censure and
he described. Not only her look, but her exclamations and the brief
he did not and never will know it. And now it will never, never be
he did so: "I have saved your life, and I save your honor!" Having
he does not and cannot believe this.
he done so before he felt the bed rocking backwards and forwards
he drew up with a click of his spurs and bowed to her, Natasha did not
he emitted a long-drawn groan and then again became silent. Morel,
he experienced an indefinite feeling of shame and awkwardness. The
he feared a court-martial and was worried over the affair, which was
he felt suddenly overcome by that sense of confusion and
he found old friends and associations, besides the comforts of life of
he gave the order for it and thought it was done as a result of that
he got into bed, happy and agitated but free from hesitation or
he grew tranquil and softened? With all his soul he had always
he had an inkpot, and sat down to write.
he had attached such importance, and was surprised that this event,
he had been doing, as though it were all an old-time story, and he
he had been rehearsing, and began telling him how he had already
he had been so pleased at Olmutz and according to which an ensign
he had been to his captors; and in fact the guard of the second day
he had come because Moscow, the capital, was no more and only the army
he had desired and expected. Turning to his adjutant he ordered him to
he had done to the things on the table. He flushed and went up to
he had expected. He only heard Dolokhov's hurried steps, and his
he had felt continually all his life--was now near to him and, by
he had gone, taking his wife with him, and had settled down with her
he had left the room the general merriment stopped and the guests
he had on a corded jacket and her nurse had told her that she, too,
he had read thus far, he crumpled the letter up and threw it away.
he had read, and listened to what was passing in the nursery. Suddenly
he had reproached her in his heart and tried to despise her, but he
he had spent the last few days and which was essential for the
he had stood at his coronation, and, waving his right arm, said:
he had thought and heard of her might be false. And he again saw her
he had till now gazed over men's heads, and gladly regarded the
he had witnessed on the battlefield. The heaviness of his head and
he happened to be directly facing Natasha, and was struck by a curious
he has read what he had already bought--Sismondi and Rousseau and
he held sacred, and therefore would not hear of refusing and
he intended to hunt seriously, he did not want to take Natasha and
he intended to visit all his estates and see for himself how far his
he is always cheerful, satisfied, and serene. What wouldn't I give
he is dying, and you come and bleed him and patch him up. He will drag
he is not here and will never return? He is not here! For whom then is
he is poor now and I am rich.... Yes, that's the only reason....
he is really cleverer than all the others?" she asked herself, and
he is sensible, well educated, and good-natured, and the next he's a
he is so ill. We women, Prince," and she smiled tenderly, "always know
he jumped down and, his boots scrunching the snow, ran back to his
he knew well, both the appeal to the people and the news from the
he lay down on a sofa without undressing, and was awakened soon
he liked her voice. She asked this and then became confused, feeling
he looked at them how many Russians there were for each Frenchman and,
he made himself when going into battle, and he was more amiable to the
he moaned piteously and, exchanging looks, they set him down again.
he mustered his remaining strength. He raised his pistol and aimed.
he never lost his clearheadedness. Both Kuragin and Dolokhov were at
he not been so tall, so broad of limb, and so strong that he carried
he often spoke about him and about his love for him, letting it be
he ordered the commencement and conduct of the battle and thought it
he put his other foot down and sank deeper still, became stuck in
he quite understood them and shared their opinion, but for that very
he raised his arm and addressed the people, almost shouting:
he received him tete-a-tate at his own house and talked to him long
he returned and trying to appear calm added: "And don't imagine I have
he returned from Sokolniki after the duel and had spent that first
he said to one of his adjutants, and then turned to the Duke of
he saw for the first time peasant militiamen in their white shirts and
he saw that the carved garden fence was broken and branches of the
he says, 'did that deed, and I put the knife under your head while you
he says, 'go up to ours and they are all rotten and maggoty. So,' he
he seemed a man from another world, and for a long time Natasha
he sees all sorts of horrible beings around him, and is sometimes
he sees hundreds of dull, listless, and sleepy shells of bees. They
he shall receive ambassadors and other public ministers; he shall take
he shook his fists at her and screamed:
he should do and knows that all he does as an Englishman is
he should endure toils and dangers. During these wanderings, Pierre
he slighted them and plainly preferred the gypsy girls and French
he sobbed, 'Kuz-mi-ch,' tears, and 'From all sides' was smothered in
he spent the night in our house and is going with us."
he spoke to prove his own rectitude and therefore imagined Kutuzov
he stopped the rotary motion of the snuffbox, raised his head, and
he take bribes? That's the way he was brought up, and everybody does
he talks sense, but to temporize and wait for something now when
he thought lost to all sense of faith and honor.
he threw himself on it without undressing and immediately fell asleep.
he understood her feelings, her sufferings, shame, and remorse. He now
he undertook to buy, and he had been taken aback by her serious
he was doing for his serfs, he would be vexed and reply: "Not in the
he was just what he used to be. As before he was absent-minded and
he was left alone, suddenly he came to himself and realized the
he was proud to be at the head of such a nation and would endeavor
he was sitting noisily backward and forward, made efforts to control
he was taken prisoner at Boulogne, and why, later on, were those
he was told that he had gone to a ball at General Kikin's and that
he was with everyone in the regiment, and how satisfied his father was
he was worried by the question of what news Balashev had brought and
he was. Now he excused himself for having been taken prisoner and now,
he went on, crooking a finger, "education and so forth; that is, you
he went quickly forward, missing the trodden path and stepping into
he went. The Emperor was following him, and Bennigsen had hastened
he window he must apparently have gone for no other exit could be discovered, and the ominous bloodstains upon the sill gave little promise that he could save himself by swimming, for the tide was at its very highest at the moment of the tragedy.
he wished to do so. He grew confused and said: "On condition that
he would have ready and to drive her forty miles to the village of
he would to any other officer; he'll say: 'Go and find out what's
he's crying. Well, good-by!" and she left the room.
he, breaking the silence and pointing to Natasha. "She looks after
he, frowning angrily and turning away from Pierre.
he, going to the door and looking into the nursery.
he..." and that was unanswerable. It was more than true.
head aches, and one spends all one's money. He asked me for tonight,
head again. "Oh, what a terrible thing is fear, and how shamefully I
head and an army of fifteen thousand men has been ordered to blow up
head and crossed himself three times.
head and did not raise it again till the heavy coach, rumbling,
head and heels and fling me into a hole that I may not stink under
head and looking like a bull about to charge, "why do you think so?
head and shoulders and glanced at Nicholas.
head bent forward as though running away from some danger, and, making
head disconsolately, told the driver to turn into the yard, and
head first to one side and then to the other watched the smokers
head higher, his eyes shone with the light of life, and with swift
head means. That's the way, Count," said Berg, lighting his pipe and
head of my beloved nobility and my good peasants and so use the last
head of the bed and around the candle beside him, the wick of which
head of the femur, and on the posterior and upper segment of the
head out of the carriage and staring at a tall, stout man in a
head steward there, who, bowing respectfully, looked into his face and
head thrown back. His curly hair, its color, and the shape of his head
head was quite round, his back, chest, shoulders, and even his arms,
head, neck, and chest.
head. His nose and mouth were twisted to one side. This soldier was
head. I opened the book, and on all the pages there were excellent
head. It was evident that the cadet was liberal with his tips and that
head. The wounded soldier was so dirty, coarse, and revolting that his
headache, vomiting, and sometimes delirium.
headed by Clay and Calhoun.
headlong to the horse. "Walk him up and down, my dear fellow," he
headlong, crushing one another, but had afterwards reassembled and
headquarters in the morning and had started the whole movement that
headquarters where he had dictated the dispositions in German, and
headquarters, and the commander in chief has to ask for a battalion to
heads from two sides, and rout and capture them all at one blow.
heads were bowed more frequently and hair tossed back, and sighs and
heads: those composed of fibrin, and those composed of organised
heal. There is itching but little pain, and the condition progresses
healing over of the raw surface, and the new formation of fibrous
heals, but always aches and shrinks at any external irritating touch.
health and disease, culture and ignorance, work and leisure, repletion
health and unhealthy surroundings, it may affect those who are
health of our Sovereign, the Emperor!" he roared, "Hurrah!" and
health of workers in mills and factories, abolition of lotteries, repeal
health, and municipal government, among other things. At their sessions
health, and so on.
health. The future is concerned with the local conditions, and,
healthy and aseptic, skin-grafts may safely be placed on them directly.
healthy and handsome young man and woman for one another. And this
healthy and hungry man, munching his food rapidly with his strong
healthy and vascular surface. The cavity thus formed is stuffed with
healthy body, and all the affection and care of his family. "And why
healthy muscle, and the contraction appears first at the closing of the
hear and understand my benefactor's words." Again he covered himself
hear everything, remember everything, and put everything in its place.
hear nothing of what was going on around him and to be absorbed by
hear. "I thank you all! God be praised!" and he rode past that company
heard and painfully felt. My father talks of nothing but marches and
heard at the front door, and the old nurse--knowing how to please
heard coming from the study. The prince walked in quickly and jauntily
heard in the crowd. "We are Russians and will not grudge our blood
heard in the ranks, and it ceased altogether every time the thud of
heard of Princess Mary's arrival, she softly left his room and
heard on all sides. The countess rose and went into the ballroom.
heard on the stairs, and the general, leaving him, went to the
heard the shouting of the French more loudly and distinctly. In the
heard them, and we shall all do our duty. But before a battle, there
heard, words of prayer, and the sobbing of the count's old valet.
heard. He said the people had been getting arms in the Kremlin, and
heard. Nobody drove through the streets and footsteps were rarely
heard. The Povarskaya was quite still and deserted. The huge courtyard
hearing those words I said good-by to the holy folk and went."
heart I wish the Emperors may arrange the affair between them, and
heart against the senator who was introducing this set and narrow
heart and of one soul," we are told in the Acts describing the Church at
heart may continue to beat forcibly, the peripheral pulse is weak, and
heart of Sonya, who blushed and smiled unnaturally. In the midst of
heart, lungs, and liver, for example, the venous pressure may be so
heart. Something vague and confused, which he could not at all account
hearts and so everything that happened was a cause for gaiety and
hearts, to purify and enlighten their minds, by means handed on to
heat, and a constant burning or throbbing pain, which is increased by
heat. All bacteria and spores are completely destroyed by being
heated that winter and, as they had come only for a short time and the
heaven knows where and have come to Melyukovka," thought Nicholas.
heavily financed by the Mormons of Utah and also by the state
heavily to his knees, bowed to the ground, and for a long time tried
heavy dues and created a benefit system to hold men loyally to the
heavy equipment. There had been actions at Lambach, Amstetten, and
heavy fire; while the treatment accorded to China and the sections
heels, the gentlemen and Mademoiselle Bourienne rose and the little
heightened its charm and they marched gaily. Some columns,
held in the cities and banners bearing the inscription, "We want
held to be a son of the South and the West. Like Jackson he was a
held) both those who went away and those who remained behind felt,
help and strengthen me that I may walk in Thy ways! Read the
help her. Doctors came to see her singly and in consultation, talked
help in distinguishing between aortic, innominate, carotid, and
help tormenting her and that she deserved it. "Why does Prince Andrew,
help us; confound and put to shame those who have devised evil against
helping himself to large spoonfuls and chewing one after another,
helpless lips and made a hoarse sound. It was impossible to make out
helpless women and children"--a crime for which the leader had met a
helplessly and he made a fruitless effort to pull it forward.
her a grateful look, but was still expectant and looking for
her aid. "I have nothing to do with him and I only wanted to see the
her always found expression in calling her maid "my dear" and speaking
her and again fixed her eyes on the corner of the stove. She had
her and her alone all my life, and I love her so that I cannot imagine
her and she with him, that there was quite a scandal and that that's
her and to her father's memory. Assuming that she did go down to see
her at all. She looked at him and did not think, but felt, about
her baby herself, a thing then unheard of and considered injurious-
her beautiful eyes grew dim, red blotches came on her face, and it
her beauty and her dress. Soon after their arrival Mademoiselle George
her best. Before and behind them other visitors were entering, also
her betrayal of him, and all his own simple relations with her.
her black Arabchik and reined him in without effort with a firm hand.
her bound legs and looked wildly yet simply at everybody. Old Count
her bouquet and dropping his voice, he added, "You will be the
her brother as living and was always awaiting news of his return.
her brother, kissed him, and unable to restrain her tears any longer
her brows. This gaze disturbed and confused Boris more and more. He
her cap and velvet gown.
her childish promises and accept the offer," but before he had time to
her condition, and immediately after that informed them that she had
her confess everything, and intercepting the note to Natasha she
her deep radiant look and began speaking in a voice that faltered
her departure next morning, she went to her room and remained alone
her dominions save in vessels built and manned by British subjects. No
her eager face and shining eyes, galloped up to them. She was followed
her embroidery frame, and as usual began to tell her what he had
her enemies and people who hated her, in order to pray for them. She
her eyes filling with tears, and then not for the first time the
her eyes, and then quickly went to his place and sat down. "Sit
her face and a string of pearls round her thick red neck--which
her face was a friendly and strangely roguish expression.
her face would grow yellow, and her maids knew by infallible
her father, and when the old prince was at home went to his study with
her first exercise she stood still in the middle of the room and
her first impulse to run out to her, and remained in her hiding place,
her first-born more than all her other children and even reproached
her for a long time and did not recall the past, but as Helene was
her for whom he longed appear before him and, having pressed her
her forehead and hair, without looking at her eyes, with such contempt
her forehead. His fine eyes lit up with a thoughtful, kindly, and
her fortune and my good management we can get along nicely. I am not
her hair, got up, and went to the window, involuntarily inhaling the
her head and began to speak rapidly.
her head, covered her with two quilts, and herself brought her some
her illness, and so the sound of her voice surprised and delighted
her improvised ball, and the Rostovs stayed on. Anatole asked
her in one clear and simple law--the law of love and self-sacrifice
her knees and, taking his hand carefully, bent her face over it and
her knees before the icons that had been left here and there hanging
her life ventured to disobey him. She refused to go away and her
her lovely head like a coronet) entered the room, calm and majestic,
her maid, who was evidently looking for her, and who stopped
her master and yet regretful of her cloak.
her mistress--entered the room inaudibly but hurriedly and with a
her mother's door. Princess Mary, pale and with quivering chin, came
her mother's room. His face was puckered up and wet with tears. He had
her mother, saw her agitation, and understood why her husband did
her nails and spat a little for luck as she returned to the drawing
her neck, and her bare arms. Natasha knew for certain that he was
her nephew--and playing with him.
her own eyes she comforted the count, and decided that at dinner and
her own thoughts but feeling bound to think like her father and her
her quietly and went to the door. Sonya went away by another door.
her rudenesses, and told good stories about her, while none the less
her shoulders and struck an attitude.
her sigh seemed to say: "Yes, there's nothing left for you and me
her size and habitual severity. The dance grew livelier and
her skirt could not move fast enough and a piece of gauze was torn
her sleeves and puffing heavily.
her smile, her traveling hood, and a stray lock of her hair... and
her sobs and tears.
her something, and the fact that her presence always increased his
her sons under her wing, and she hoped to arrange matters for her
her stocking and resolved not to turn round till it was finished.
her superstitions and her dislike of Mademoiselle Bourienne, who, he
her sympathy for Pierre, but by involuntary intonations and a half
her that it must all be kept from her father and assuring her that
her that one always could and should be acquainted with people above
her thin lips grew white, though her eyes did not change, and her
her what had happened and to which she could find no answer.
her with reverence and was beyond question.
her, and assumed an unnatural pose. Enthusiastic whispering was
her, and at last succeeded in making them believe her. Her first
her, and during his stay in Moscow attached himself exclusively to
her, and kissed only her hand. After their engagement, quite
her, and so on--and these pictures of the future had given him
her, but only bending his forehead to hers just touched it, and
her, kissed it on the back and then on the palm, then again turned
her, made her shudder, blush, and feel such a rush of anger and
her, she lifted her beautiful head and, half turning to him, said
her, she recovered from her mental sickness just as suddenly and
her, shown special endearments to the companion and expressed his
her. "You know, Catiche, that we--you three sisters, Mamontov, and
her. Both Marya Dmitrievna and Sonya were amazed when they saw how
her. Prince Andrew recognized her without looking and held out his
her; and then, after I met her under such circumstances--so strangely,
here and am able to show my readiness to serve you," said Rostov,
here and there, amid the sounds of falling drops and the munching of
here in the regiment with these gentlemen, and I consider that on us
here into the middle of the room and at the word of command, 'One,
here lost another third of its men. From in front and especially
here one would not need finesse; and he tells me that I am lying--so
here too, with his wife. He ran away from her and she came galloping
here without having done all I can for Denisov and certainly not
here! What gentleness and nobility there are in her features and
here," he added, taking Gerasim by a button of his coat and looking
heritage Thou gavest to us and to our fathers, and let not the scepter
hernia; and when it occurs in the middle line of the face, head, or
herniated portion excised, and the rent in the sheath closed by sutures.
hero of our last campaign, Prince Peter Ivanovich Bagration!" and
heroes of 1812--the Barclays, Raevskis, Ermolovs, Platovs, and
heroes of Cowpens, had been a teamster with Braddock's army and had seen
heroes produces events, and such histories as Thiers' will be
heroism shown by our officers and men at Austerlitz. One had saved a
herself all the difficult work of directing the storing and packing of
herself and began to cry.
herself and from him, slipped a gold coin into his hand and always
herself and, as it might seem, of the obligations to her he had
herself from choking, Sonya, pale and trembling with fear and
herself in the third person, and imagining it was some very wise
herself on arriving. She was planning something and either deciding or
herself up head and all, and now peeping at her mother. The countess
herself with the thought that no one would ever know it and that she
herself, and gave him commissions for others only when he himself
herself, and she could not refrain from turning round. She looked
herself, and stepped cautiously on the cold and dirty floor with her
herself, and then ran to her mother.
herself, but made others sacrifice themselves for her and yet was
herself, from her regrets, desires, remorse, hopes, and sins.
hesitation, rapidly threw off his uniform and put on the shirt. He had
hides, iron, lumber, and pearl ashes. This was not all. The colonies
high and graceful action, as if flying through the air without
high and important powers which he naturally sought to augment at every
high and mighty in his principles and opinions. So Madison became
high and rather mysterious power.
high ground, artillery and troops in blue uniform were seen. These
high in the mountains; and of how, in the conquered and submissive soil,
high spirits, came and leaned on his elbows, facing her and beside
high springs creaked, and the body of the coach swayed. The footman
high-pitched voice struck him unpleasantly, and the incessant laughter
high-pitched, mournful, delicate, and almost feminine, and his face at
higher and higher and trembled with the effort. The bottle was
higher level; and if this fails to give relief, a fresh amputation may
higher military rank--corporals and noncommissioned officers of whom
higher temperatures for its cultivation than the tubercle bacillus, and
higher than that life and truth there is no life or truth!"
higher; and the patient begins to take notice of his surroundings. The
highest abstraction, the welfare and civilization of humanity in
highest degree just the very qualities Pierre lacked, and which
highest happiness. Here and now for the first time he fully
highly delighted with what he saw and experienced in the army, but
hill with its singers, surrounded Pierre's carriage and blocked the
hillock and you'll see."
him Princess Mary and Julie Karagina.
him a chance to kill and laugh at me!"
him a different answer. She stopped him and said: "Terrible for you,
him a month ago," Prince Andrew was saying, "and by those who were
him a visit. "I am starting on a journey of inspection, and of
him about Paris and about some changes he meant to make the Empress'
him and Dolokhov saw through the gloom that Petya was bending toward
him and at him, about some pair of boots he had thrown into the
him and at his shoes mistrustfully, as at an alien. Not far from him
him and began to talk business.
him and bent over him.
him and continued her chatter.
him and did not listen.
him and evoked his sympathy. In men Rostov could not bear to see the
him and he often thought about her. But he never thought about her
him and in his turn has offered that as an explanation.
him and looked angrily at him. Bondarchuk's horse swerved and galloped
him and shot him in the fleshy part of the back. That wound (which
him and stretched out, and the strange face was before him. Prince
him and the prostrate adjutant, near a wormwood plant between the
him and took his hand.
him and wanted to kiss him. Dolokhov kissed him, laughed, turned his
him and would not have others do so."
him and you."
him and, bending his head, smiled pleasantly.
him back again and pressed him against the railings, and all he
him beside the fair Helene and listened to the general conversation.
him during the campaign, he forgot and forgave. When in April, 1865, he
him ever to decide to give her a successor and our little angel a
him for heroic deeds, and while dying he expressed the love his
him from his father and the neighbors. Throughout the whole province
him from the ranks of obscure officers and offer him the first step to
him fuss and bustle now, my job's done and I'm lying down--capitally!"
him hate everything practical, and he would not listen to it. He was
him he wrapped his dressing gown around him with a shamefaced and
him his medicine he sobbed and silently kissed her hand. On his last
him in a leisurely and preoccupied manner. He beckoned to one of his
him in the vestibule and tried to take the pistol from him. Pierre,
him in uniform with his decorations and placed his shriveled little
him in. Denisov could not speak and gasped for breath. When Rostov
him intelligible and says: "This is the cause!" In historical events
him into the wing and put him in the room that had been Madame
him more often than at anyone else and took delight in his every
him now, when my heart fails me and my mouth feels dry at the mere
him off completely and surround his exhausted army of forty
him off his feet and hammered him with his fists. Shouts of approval
him on the shoulder and left the room without snuffing the candles
him or anyone else, and I don't want anything of the kind."
him or for me when he might have said all he longed to say, and not
him pacing angrily about and snorting. The old prince felt as though
him something of Weyrother, Mack, and Schmidt, and many other German
him something, suddenly blushed and shouted in a squeaky voice:
him somewhere with unhesitating assurance on their faces that he and
him suffer because of me.' So he confessed and it was all written down
him take their children and secured their release by heavy payments.
him tender and amused as he was when he put on the little icon. "Did
him that he was quite different and distinct from those other
him the letter and to let me know how he looks at the whole matter and
him the way!" she cried to the maid, angrily opening her mouth and
him to attend to the business himself and so he disliked it and only
him to come. There were other guests and the countess talked little to
him to have expected anything from Speranski and from any of his own
him to his house in Petersburg, and now... she has come here and
him to stop. The lunatic's solemn, gloomy face was thin and yellow,
him to take part in the Austrian campaign and the reasons why he had
him unceasingly and to right and left of him soldiers continually
him was a clear blue sky, and the sun's vast orb quivered like a
him was that he slept very little and, instead of sleeping in his
him with a naive smile of satisfaction and presented a strange
him with a scared look and that Princess Mary was no longer by the
him with surprise and even alarm as they went past him. The senior
him). The baby Prince Nicholas lived with his wet nurse and nurse
him, Bonaparte had made in his campaigns and even in politics. His son
him, Princess Mary imagined the words he would say to her and what she
him, Stepan Stepanovich Adraksin. Adraksin was in uniform, and whether
him, and I rushed to meet him. I embraced him and kissed his hands,
him, and I will tell Papa!" said Sonya resolutely.
him, and acquaintances, invitations, and social occupations were so
him, and by Austerlitz, and Tilsit, and Erfurt.
him, and closed the door himself behind him.
him, and could not say with certainty whether the attack had been
him, and helped him. I know and understand what a spice that would add
him, and only as he kissed her hand on taking leave said
him, and opened the door into the part of the hut where Prince
him, and summoned Lelorgne d'Ideville, the interpreter.
him, and taking him by the hand led him forward. The hairs tied in the
him, and that his brilliant reasoning power would rise to the level of intuition, until those who were unacquainted with his methods would look askance at him as on a man whose knowledge was not that of other mortals. When I saw him that afternoon so enwrapped in the music at St. James's Hall I felt that an evil time might be coming upon those whom he had set himself to hunt down.
him, and the officers collected round to greet the new arrival, Rostov
him, and was knitting a stocking. She had learned to knit stockings
him, belonging to a different world and who could not know and
him, but in his usual impulsive and hearty way he took Boris by the
him, frowned, and left the room with an expression of cold dignity.
him, fully expressed his feelings, and has since become famous. On
him, he assumed a grave air and thoughtfully shaking his head said
him, he would ask in a particularly calm and absent-minded way,
him, leaning against a branch and talking loudly and attracting
him, lit wisps of straw and ran after him, shouting, "Vive
him, opened them out, closed them, finally pushed them away, and
him, returned to his place and sat down. In his hands he had something
him, seeking and vacillating, who had not yet found in Freemasonry a
him, stretched himself to the utmost and, watching the wolf,
him, when light, impetuous, and seemingly buoyant steps were heard
him, where a wolf might come out. Having straightened his coat and
him," she added in a tone admitting of no rejoinder and raising her
him--and would at last try to make a good match there. He indicated to
him. "What are Prince Vasili and that son of his to me? Prince
him. And the closer he looked the more tranquil and happy he became.
him. But as soon as I drew near I saw that his face had changed and
him. But he fingered the money in his pocket and wondered whether it
him. He opened the door softly and saw her, in the lilac dress she had
him. Nearer and nearer to Rostov came that sun shedding beams of
him. She looked at him with her beautiful radiant eyes and seemed to
him. There was warm blood under his arm. "No, I am wounded and the
him. With tears in his eyes Dolokhov embraced Pierre and kissed him.
him... Olga, go and see whether Uncle's beef tea is ready--it is
him; she led him to the house, offered him lunch, and sat down with
himself a tiny, obedient, and insignificant atom. They followed Prince
himself after being wounded and the flower of eternal, unfettered love
himself after his recent loneliness and freedom from cares so beset
himself and Natasha could not be binding either on her or on him. He
himself and his family. Military, administrative, political, and
himself and insult Alexander--just what he had least desired at the
himself and merely tried to hide that pleasure by pretending to be
himself and not become vehement, but almost always did become
himself and of how to get away quickly and save himself.
himself and was leading him from the room.
himself and which, he said, swarmed with hares. Nicholas agreed, and
himself as tenderly as he could and ran with her through the garden
himself at any moment face to face with the Emperor and being put to
himself but the best man in the world and free, he would ask on his
himself but without his musket, groaning aloud and swinging his arm
himself drawn nearer and nearer to that dreadful abyss, Pierre said to
himself entirely to his laughter, and after such a laugh she always
himself fall into a trap Moreau set him, and from which he did not
himself for his weakness, and raising his head addressed Michaud in
himself in this way, the study door opened and on the threshold
himself inextricably mingled and overlapping. But only what was really
himself know his age and was quite unable to determine it. But his
himself know what to do, and this irresolution communicated itself
himself now to the force of circumstances and to those who were
himself once or twice within a twelvemonth, and then he would go and
himself pushed it a few inches from the corner and then closer in
himself that all would happen according to plan, and therefore
himself the whole responsibility for what is happening and has to
himself to be a Napoleon; then to be a philosopher; and then a
himself to say and begged to be restored to his favor. To this
himself to the fire. From pain, cold, and damp, a feverish shivering
himself to the ground to avoid being knocked over, and a riderless
himself to their party and asked to be allowed to remain with it.
himself was pining for the dear princess, and how she showed him the
himself were the joyful and comforting thoughts, memories, and
himself whether or not it was right and proper to address her here
himself"--and he pointed to Lavrushka.
himself, and evidently experiencing a new and powerful emotion as he
himself, into "one body politic and corporate," known as the "Trustees
himself, recall and reconsider the meaning of everything Pierre had
himself, stepped back to get a good run, and plunged into the water;
himself, to her, and to Princess Mary that he loved her.
himself, to his own soul--vividly, plainly, terribly, and almost as
himself. He got up from his chair and went to the door.
himself. I am called in to help sort the letters and take those
himself. The harder his position became and the more terrible the
hinder you," she said to herself, and sinking into a chair she let her
hinges, a smile appeared on the face with the attentive eyes, and from
hints and expectations to the contrary which were current then but
hip flexed to a right angle, and then gradually extending the knee until
hip-joint, and it necessitates a prolonged course of treatment to give
hip; it may result from effusion into the joint and stretching of the
his Dron on the day of the prince's funeral and told him to have
his Moscow house and the country house on his Moscow estate, which had
his Persian adventures, and was leading a life of luxury, gambling,
his Secretary and to make the fateful choice.
his affairs, and while looking with pleasure at the enormous table
his ancestors, his brothers, his stepsons, and his brothers-in-law.
his appearance, and all that was known of his character conciliated
his arched back spattered with mud and clanking the ring of his leash,
his arm above the elbow--as from the shock to his horse and from
his arms with an angry scowl and throwing out his chest.
his art, ridiculed and excoriated bondage in the South. Those
his audience over his spectacles and continued.
his back and now his plump hairy chest to the brush with which his
his back. There was nothing for him to do and no orders to be given.
his bald head he looked good-naturedly at the officer and the
his bay gelding, sitting at home in winter, and lying in his overgrown
his beaver cap and said he much regretted what had occurred and
his bed, and, seating himself comfortably, clasped his arms round
his being alone and despondent! A strange face may seem unpleasant
his benefactor, and happy as he had been in perfecting his inner
his blunders at Krasnoe and the Berezina he deprived the Russian
his bosom and solemnly pointing to the floor at Dron's feet. "I can
his breast and said, "Let us commit ourselves and our whole lives to
his breath, and running so lightly, frightened Rostov. He seized his
his brows. "Prince Theodore and all those. To encourage culture and
his buttoned coat, and handed him two letters.
his campstool, his sallow face swollen and heavy, his eyes dim, his
his chair and pacing up and down the room followed by Tikhon, who
his chair, and began deliberately with a smile:
his club were one of the greatest pleasures of both mother, and
his collar and hair and by his sedate deliberate walk he wished to
his companion and said something, pointing to his mouth. The
his companion was found robbed and with his throat cut. A bloodstained
his company? If you were cleverer and more agreeable, I should
his considering the long journey too hard and too dangerous for her
his counsels, his undertakings, and his work; strengthen his kingdom
his course and launched the country into the war by sending to Congress
his courtiers. Under their influence he developed high and mighty
his cowshed and Rostov going to the cottage he occupied with Denisov.
his daughter and give her to a husband. The prince never directly
his daughter. She lowered her head and was ready to burst into tears.
his death. "Dear-est!" she repeated, and began sobbing, with tears
his dignity to traffic and huckster with politicians over the trifling
his dinner, Balashev too was his friend and worshiper. Napoleon turned
his dinner, and himself began to eat greedily and quickly like a
his dirty fingers. The sleeve of his coat kept slipping down and he
his disdain for the comforts of life, his absent-mindedness and
his dispatches and reports up to the time of his death. He alone
his division to the decisive point, and gains the victory alone.
his dominion, and guards are given to him and millions of money are
his elbow and looking at him with eyes that shone through her tears.
his elbow with the aid of a pair of scissors, and that in another the
his elderly hosts and by the more important of the visitors (the old
his entire administration profoundly disturbed the business and finances
his every action depends on his organization, his character, and the
his exactions, and that the pupils' parents wept at having to let
his eye again, and let his head sink still lower.
his eyes and at the same instant plumped into something. Some
his eyes and swayed his head. "A matchless people!" he repeated with a
his eyes and thought he would never never them again. Suddenly he
his eyes, and dozed off. Alpatych made a slight movement.
his eyes, but he now looked with a scarcely perceptible and
his eyes, still smiling, glittered with effort and exasperation as
his eyes. He really was in love with the Tsar and the glory of the
his face against his will, Pierre stood with his arms hanging down and
his face and eyes.
his face and just nodded to him with to him with his long head. But
his face, and all those at court, far from cold-shouldering him as
his familiar business, and--like a well-fed but not overfat horse that
his family and to the city entrusted to him, and of himself--not
his family away, was alone at Bald Hills and was sitting indoors
his father by spoiling his own career, and he laughed at
his father dismissed the abbe and said to the young man, "Now go to
his father had loved Natasha and when dying had left her to his
his father was), and from that distorted mouth issued an indistinct,
his father, and even his comfortable bed in the house on the
his father, now with the Swiss tutor Dessalles, and showing an
his favorite song: native and birch tree and my heart is sick occurred
his fear and grief at being left alone.
his feelings, he frowned and nodded slightly as a sign that Balashev
his feelings; and it seemed plain to her that those words, which had
his felt coat, stretched his legs, and set his cap straight. The
his firm and virile features, gave him a rather comical expression.
his first examination, yet to disclose his rank and position was
his first message, reviving the old custom of Washington and Adams. Then
his fist, and tapped it on the floor, making the sparks fly, while
his footing, and related quietly and humorously how he had know that
his former affected languor and indolence. He now looked like a man
his full height and addressing Michaud with a gracious and majestic
his full uniform and prepared to visit the commander in chief. His
his generals, and while awaiting the Emperor's arrival led a
his gentleness to his companions, and his capacity for sitting still
his glance. He spoke a few words to some of the generals, and,
his godson--you know he is Bory's godfather--and allow him something
his habit to watch attentively all that went on around him and to note
his hair cropped," something hidden and unknown to herself, but
his hat and stick. Pierre, from club habit, always left both hat and
his head and again assuming his former tone of a dull, unreasoning,
his head and another his throne, a tyrant's device which placed the
his head he heard several voices shouting and then a cracking sound
his head over his cap. He was evidently tipsy, and was singing a
his head, and he felt himself revived and rejuvenated when after
his head, pulled it off, and showed the blood congealed on his hair.
his health, and to reminiscences of the gay and amusing times he had
his heart ever more cruelly and painfully to the end of his life. He
his heart. His feeling of pity for this man frightened him and he
his heartfelt desire to serve under so valiant and renowned a general,
his helmet and Horse Guards' jacket, shouting something to a pale,
his hero and commander was following quite a different train of
his hesitation and, trying to arouse his former devotional feeling,
his house a small but select company, and why this would give him
his house and had so often laughed at him, now said, with a common
his hussar revels and life in the fighting line, the other of the
his knapsack a scrap of blue French cloth, and wrapped it round his
his knowledge of the right time to sow the oats, and the fact that
his lathe and, as usual, did not look round at her.
his lessons, teaching him Russian and music herself, and talking to
his life--man recognizes (and can but recognize) as free.
his lifted knees and fixed his eyes on Pierre. The latter was
his line, and (on the Russian side) as to luring the enemy into the
his lips. Then he took his place in the first row of the stalls and
his looks and manner gave that impression. The princess felt this, and
his lower jaw, "but you have used such words to me--'mean' and so
his magnanimity, and having written a letter to the Emperor
his manhood. He went to balls and into ladies' society with an
his master, would touch and delude him.
his men and officers. In the regiment they called him "our prince,"
his mind on war and peace were settled by events beyond his own control.
his mind were more active and clearer than ever, but they acted
his mistake, he broke off short and, with a frown, greeted Dolokhov as
his moments of cruelty, as when tying the policeman to the bear and
his mouth and winking at the count.
his movements and with an idiotic expression of face. He wore a
his movements were still slow and measured.
his name; and Sam Houston, warrior and pioneer, rushed to the aid of
his napkin and went himself.
his nephew, General Chatrov an old war comrade of the prince's, and of
his opinions, but felt himself in some way to blame and wished to
his own eyes. His eyes kept closing, and in his fancy appeared--now
his own heart from vice, and indulgently to smooth with it the heart
his own thoughts. His broad head with its bold features and glittering
his own weight and, turning to look at the hussars starting in the
his own will--the inevitable course of events, and he can see them and
his pipe in the middle of his mouth and with red lips gently inhaled
his place and bring him water.
his powder and paint: he will not be wanted any more.
his power to select the most foolish and ruinous of all the courses
his powers not to slaying and destroying men but to saving and showing
his presence invited Rostopchin to dinner on St. Nicholas' Day, and
his private room and, calling his adjutant, asked for some papers
his proposal and Sonya's refusal and felt uncomfortable at the thought
his prosperity and his enjoyment of life upon close relations with the
his r's, and pronouncing the Latin words with a French accent.
his reins, settled himself in the saddle, and, feeling that he was
his righteousness, and let it preserve us, Thy chosen Israel! Bless
his seat. As they drove along he shuddered and exclaimed several times
his shoulders and dropped his eyes as if startled by something
his shoulders, and spread out his arms with a choleric gesture.
his shriveled head, and in a corner of the room sat a chanter
his side had been attempting a reconciliation), and he also went up to
his silence, Pierre saw that his words were not in vain and that
his sister and Natasha.
his sister had hung round his neck with such emotion and reverence,
his sister), Natasha gave him a wink, and neither refrained long
his slightest inattention she trembled, became flustered and heated,
his sofa, and did not cry any more, but prayed continually, turning in
his soldiers and behind the outposts and told him that his wish to
his soul. Now he boldly and lightly made plans for an extended future,
his soup and then began to talk to him and make him admit that there
his steady, tender, and proud love of his wife rested on his feeling
his stout and clumsy body took up so much room and doing his utmost to
his study a little before noon in his silk dressing gown and found his
his suite, and in the smoke that suddenly surrounded the gun they
his talk while giving orders to the steward, and at last stopped,
his temper. "I shall answer for it and not you, and you'd better not
his tent on the hill, they threw up their caps and shouted: "Vive
his thin neck filled with blood and the color rapidly came and went in
his throat when the door opened and Lavrushka came in with some
his ticket, he again began crying piteously and kissing me. One can do
his time and does not condescend to prepare what he has to say but
his time pleasantly and forget that war was impending.
his toes pressed his heels against its sides and, feeling that his
his tone, and especially in that calm, almost antagonistic look
his two sons and saying: 'I will perish with them but we will not be
his visitors to sit down and make themselves at home, and then went
his was lit up by the fire and the soldiers looked at him in silence.
his way forward and approached that very captain who as the corporal
his way. He prayed with that passionate and shame-faced feeling with
his weary eyes on the paper, began to read them with a fixed and
his white hat and green tail coat.
his wife with a pensive smile and said: "Poor fellows, they don't know
his wife, how she would love him become quite different, and how all
his will and despite his indecision, his lack of a plan, and all his
his will might have saved Russia, and consequently the valet who
his wraps with the aid of his servant, and not looking at Pierre. With
his youngest boy, had all settled down in the drawing room and were
hissing chuckle, and Speranski in a high-pitched staccato manner.
histological features; its situation, rate of growth, and other clinical
historian, Rhodes, "four-fifths of the British House of Lords and most
historians select the indication of intellectual activity and say that
historians, to speak of America, triumphant over Spain and possessed of
historians, we shall have the history of monarchs and writers, but not
historic characters and nations.
historic characters and perceive the cause of the effect they
historic leaders. Popes, kings, and knights incited the peoples to
histories of separate states to the writers of general histories and
history and is seldom read. It is the part laying down a new basis for
history and progress of the swelling and by the absence of fluctuation.
history but forceful and resourceful characters who forged links binding
history of self-sacrifice and a present consciousness of the future
history of the Godfreys and the Minnesingers can evidently not cover
history of the swelling and by physical examination. Cystic tumours and
history of these gifts and their relation to the political leaders that
history reasonably, the more unreasonable and incomprehensible do they
history so far as they can slay and bury it--of their country." In the
history were the most enslaved and involuntary.
history, has the inconvenience--in application to complex and stormy
history--civil wars, revolutions, and conquests--are presented by
hitherto puckered brow became smooth as a sign of pleasure, and with a
hitherto with the surgery of the Extremities, including Fractures and
hive, chalks a mark on it, and when he has time tears out its contents
hoarfrost, the distance and the river, all began to sparkle in the
hoarse voice, and then he had a second and final stroke.
hoarsely. Prince Andrew winced and, clutching his head, went out and
hobnob with bankers, railroad presidents, and metropolitan merchants....
holders of idle capital and the toiling millions. Then he named those
holding a cigar between the thumb and little finger of one of his
holding his elbows high arranged the reins deliberately. Anatole and
holding the reins he waved both his arms about rapidly and
holding up a threatening finger. "He is such a worthy and excellent
holding up the folds of her dress, and the smile shone still more
hollow between the trochanter and the ischial tuberosity, and where the
hollow that lay between them and the fleches. As soon as they had
home against his will. She had not slept and had stolen downstairs
home with him for a few days and what did he do? He found some
home world. His father and mother were much the same, only a little
home. Should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that
homemakers had to cut, roll, and burn thousands of trees before they
homes and did not mention the subject of political rights. All these
homes in the United States. Far and wide they scattered, from the mills
homes or take away a single grain, and that's all about it!" cried
homes sometimes brought softer manners; but the equality of life and the
homestead act of 1862 and the contract immigration law of 1864. Not
homesteaders and land companies came and fenced in the plain and desert
honest, practical man and we have nobody better. Give him real
honestly the whole truth: what sort of girl is she, and what do you
honey flew into the hive, and they flew out empty; now they fly out
honeymoons, and that the greatest happiness is at first! On the
honorable, and brave, but if he robs his fellows there is no honor
honors, a third by ambition or money, and they go over to that camp.
hood, and was quite covered by an apron. On the box beside the
hoofs and the jingle of their weapons and saw their horses, their
hoofs and wheels and now and then a gleam of bayonets; to the left
hoofs, and apparently ready to jump over the railings had his rider
hoofs, and bells was heard from the gateway as a little trap passed
hop, looked back angrily, and through the ominous silence and the
hope.... Look on this picture and weep over it." His ringing call to
hoped, in vain, to carry the Confederacy up to the Ohio River; and, with
hopeless agitation and perplexity. "To give or not to give?" he had
hopelessly. At the count's first words he raised it slowly and
hopes and desires. And the impulses felt by a single person are always
hordes of our large cities on the level with the virtuous and good man?"
horizon and disappeared behind a long narrow cloud that hung above it.
horned snakes of Africa, the viper of Europe, and the adder of the
horrible, seized her again. She tried to think of something else and
horrified to hear later that of all that mass of huge and handsome
horror and detestation of his crimes, now recognize his authority, the
horse and loosening his rein galloped forward, not heeding Denisov who
horse of a batman or groom of some important personage and began to
horse the rein and galloped along the line. At first he rode along the
horse, and vanished into the darkness.
horse-shoe margin, while the central portion may heal and leave a scar.
horse. Again the crowd of members of the suite and street gazers
horsecloths, and the like. All this had to be dealt with, the
horses all looked smart and well kept.
horses and fifteen grooms in the stables, the same expensive
horses and ponies.
horses beside them were discernible, and in the hollow the dying
horses to make them turn and move on. The horses moved off the bank.
horses. Rostov could already see their faces and heard the command:
hospitable in Moscow. In addition to the formal evening and dinner
hospital. During this transfer he felt a little stronger and was
hospitals and schools and reduced the quitrent the peasants had to
hospitals, asylums, and schools were to be established on all the
hospitals, schools, and almshouses, which were soon to be opened.
hospitals. The one and the other may serve as a pastime. But what's
host also followed Natasha with his eyes and asked the count which was
host and hostess look toward the door, and now and then glance at
hostel where Pierre was met by his groom and coachman there was no
hostile camps, who changed their habits for his sake and only met
hot rays of the sun beat down vertically and a fresh soft wind
hot temper and said such and such things; we learn that Rousseau was
hot, red, swollen, and oedematous; and there is pain and tenderness both
hot-air and electric baths, and in obstinate cases by blistering or by
hot-air chamber being employed for an hour or so morning and evening.
hot-bottles. All lotions used must be warm (100 o F.); and the operation
hot. His face was terrible and piteous to see, especially from its
hounds giving tongue. He bent down his head and listened, shaking a
hours amid incessant cannon and musketry fire, now Russians were
hours in the day during which the private and intimate life of the
hours' sleep before morning and felt cheerful, bold, and resolute,
hours, the minute vessels in the vicinity of the wound dilate, and from
hours. For the old workshop where a master and a dozen workmen and
house dress as fresh and elegant as the other. Prince Andrew rose
house in his uniform wearing all his orders and go down the garden
house lay behind a newly dug pond filled with water to the brink and
house to the carriages, the caleche, the phaeton, and back again.
house was in a state of alarm and commotion. Natasha was very ill,
house where such things could be said, and was at the same time
house which had remained intact between the Russian and French forces.
house with Prince Bagration and Weyrother. Weyrother was the
house, and Pierre had put him up and lent him money. Pierre recalled
house, and never forgot anything. If he now incurred Natasha's censure
house, and the allowance to the three princesses; about 15,000 was
house, by the evening they had talked over everything and the
house, now and then opening her door when someone passed and
house, taking up now one occupation, now another, and at once
house, you know, and danced with the children. Be sure to invite
house; he laid before it the projects of law desired by the crown; and
household doctor and expecting another for whom they had sent to town,
household goods lay in a heap: featherbeds, a samovar, icons, and
householders seized all they could find in other houses and moved it
households at work in Bogucharovo and the peasants were well to do.
households, and courts only strengthened his desire to belong to
houses and go into bondage! I dare say! 'I'll give you grain, indeed!'
houses and half their belongings, did so from the latent patriotism
houses of Congress and ratification by three-fourths of the states. This
houses with axes, the women hawkers, and the shopkeepers, all looked
houses, issue false paper money, and worst of all they kill my
houses, its cathedral, and its bridge, on both sides of which streamed
houses, ruined bridges, mills, and factories ... and large tracts of
how I long to dance, how splendidly I dance, and how they would
how and where to haul it. They haul the log away, and it happens
how close was the bond that united him to Denisov and and the whole
how he punishes disobedience and crime. Strict measures have been
how is he behaving himself, and in general..."
how she had suffered and lacked life during his own absence, and of
how she liked our village priests and icons and would joke about them.
how she was fonder than ever of Mary, and how Mary was in every way
how they keep asking me, and I'm glad of it, I'm happy and I love
how they suited the young ladies, and she thanked them all for
how to approach the Emperor, and a thousand reasons occurred to him
how, and did not wish, to court society's favor. Now he alone was
however dirty it might be, and he glanced round at the pool from
however, an official came running out to meet him, and learning that
however, and especially if there is mixed infection, the health suffers,
however, began to turn to irritability, and not long before Boris'
however, did not answer that voice and went on dreaming of his
however, industries and trade unions became organized on a national
however, is by no means easy, and various fallacies are to be guarded
however, it was not, and could not be, possible to explain the burning
however, persists for several weeks and disappears like other
however, preparing to go away and it had not entered his head to
however, that the compression causes rupture of the inner and middle
however, the Constitution is supreme and superior to Congress, it is the
however, this does occur, and in illustration of the fact may be cited
however, vary with the nature, site, and relations of the abscess. In a
however, when, about the end of a week, the sloughs separate and expose
however,--and especially in the lower extremity--gangrene ensues and
ht motion to me to approach him, and instantly, as he turned his face half round to the company once more, subsided into a doddering, loose-lipped senility.
huge cost were maintained in the East and in Europe; an army was kept
huge territory they had set their hearts. The mild climate and fertile
human activities of 160,000 Russians and French--all their passions,
human feeling dominated everything else and soared above all their
human race while ourselves setting an example of baseness and
human reason and to human nature. Millions of men perpetrated
humanity. A deed done is irrevocable, and its result coinciding in
humbugged us and we humbugged them. They plunder other people's
humerus, skull, pelvis, and jaws. In the long bones it may grow from the
humidity and constriction of the limbs producing ischaemia of the feet.
humour and to perforate the globe. It is usually of the nature of a
hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth
hundred and eighty-seven and of the independence of the United States of
hundred and fifty towns and cities had adopted it. Among the larger
hundred and thirty men who had set out from Moscow fewer than a
hundred and thirty-six of them removed the balloon that was being
hundred and twenty thousand Austrians, with a hundred thousand
hundred and twenty thousand; afterwards little more than fifty
hundred cannon, and a stick called a "marshal's staff," and disputed
hundred miles and giving battle with a probability of losing a quarter
hundred other reforms were adopted and tried out. The national watchword
hundred paces apart, but nevertheless the men were always in one and
hundred threescore and six.
hundred to the minute, and the blood throbbed at her heart. She
hundred, and Dolokhov might have as many more, but the disparity of
hundreds of eyes looking at her bare arms and neck--suddenly
hundreds of privateers and minor captains who overhauled British supply
hundreds of years the peasants of Borodino, Gorki, Shevardino, and
hunger (none of them had eaten anything since morning), and yet more
hunger and cold awaited them in flight or captivity alike.
hungry Russians who froze and lagged behind on the road (in which case
hungry, too weak to get away on foot and had no means of obtaining a
hunter's gun, runs forward and back again, and hastens its own end.
hunting horn; the pack joined the first three hounds and they could be
hunting trip in Africa and a tour in Europe, he made a series of
hunting: it was as if the sky were melting and sinking to the earth
huntsmen waved their arms and did something to the fox. Then from that
hurried and noisy, but the different companies did not get mixed.
hurried through Congress in spite of the opposition and the clear
hurriedly and ostentatiously approached the officer, swinging his
hurriedly but vainly tried to get his foot out of the stirrup and
hurriedly getting ready and again boiled some muddy water
hurriedly opened his eyes and saw close before him the head and ears
hurriedly, not giving Dunyasha time to finish what she was saying, and
hurts me, it hurts. I'm old and weak and this is what you wanted. Well
hussar horses, past sentinels and men who saluted their colonel and
hussar officer as in a looking glass--started, moved forward, and
hussar, "and why are you exciting yourself? Do you think the French
hussars and knocked three of them over.
hussars and still farther ahead a dark line which he could not see
hussars drew up to the picket ropes and a crowd of hussars
hussars got back to their horses. Two were misdirected and the shot
hussars in the bright evening light and the blue tunics advancing from
hussars must return quickly and fire the bridge.'"
hussars running all around him, their spurs catching and their
hussars who galloped up disengaged his foot and helped him into the
hussars, a good dancer, and one of the best matches in the city.
hussars, flushing and addressing an adjutant who had ridden up, "so
hussars, told them to follow him, and trotted downhill in the
hussars, with clanking sabers and subdued talk, their horses' hoofs
hut, dug out for them by the soldiers and roofed with branches and
hydraulic press. This press, as I have already explained, has got out of order, and we wish your advice upon the subject. We guard our secret very jealously, however, and if it once became known that we had hydraulic engineers coming to our little house, it would soon rouse inquiry, and then, if the facts came out, it would be good-bye to any chance of getting these fields and carrying out our plans. That is why I have made you promise me that you will not tell a human being that you are going to Eyford to-night. I hope that I make it all plain?'
hydrogen and bases at the negative electrode. These substances and gases
hydrops with fibrinous and other loose bodies and hypertrophied
hydrops. These degenerative and hypertrophic changes, while usually
ich, even in these days of free education and encyclopaedias, is a somewhat rare accomplishment. It is not so impossible, however, that a man should possess all knowledge which is likely to be useful to him in his work, and this I have endeavoured in my case to do. If I remember rightly, you on one occasion, in the early days of our friendship, defined my limits in a very precise fashion."
ick, hanging lip, and a long, straight chin suggestive of resolution pushed to the length of obstinacy.
icon. Well, and what do you think? He received his sight! It's a sin
icons just where she had sat down on arriving and paid no attention to
icons, and now forbade Father Augustin to remove icons or the relics
idea of throwing her brother and Natasha together amused her.
idea to go and bury themselves in the steppes when the French army
idea, but one thing disconcerted her. "Can a man so important and
ideal which for three centuries has been taking form and spreading
ideas and methods. As temperance reformers, they criticized in a caustic
ideas and of Speranski, and a diligent Petersburg newsmonger--one of
ideas of government and philanthropy," wrote one of Lafayette's aides,
idle and at ease. An inner voice tells us we are in the wrong if we
idle and dissipated life, because besides the hours he spent at the
idle and frivolous. The military calling is the most highly honored.
idleness, ignorance, cruelty, debauchery, and drunkenness. And in
if a light had been kindled in a carved and painted lantern and the
if by this to express a consciousness of the airiness and purity of
if quite at home and, having stuck an amber mouthpiece far into his
if she loved him she need only say the word yes, and no human power
if the parts are kept absolutely dry and clean. A useful dusting-powder
if they stood in my way. I have an adored, a priceless mother, and two
if we meant to retire and lure the enemy into the depths of the
if we occupy the villages of Sokolnitz and Kobelnitz, whereby we can
if you formed a secret society and began working against the
if you marry the prince"--he meant the younger man--and he crooked one
if you still try to defend the infamies and horrors perpetrated by
iliac crest and the lower border of the ribs, but this procedure has
ilio-psoas bursa and distend it, both in a downward direction towards
ill, and you must not see him at all."
ill-disposed toward you. He is an invalid and an old man who must be
ill-fitting boots or from the excessive use and strain of the tendon in
illicit trade with Canada and had aroused a violent hostility at that
illness (Figs. 12 and 13). The pulse is soft, and tends to remain
illness. Prince Vasili said something to Lorrain in passing and went
illustrations, and for other valuable help, as well as to our publishers
imaginary greatness, and again--as a horse walking a treadmill
imagination, and "the bird restored to its native fields" galloped
imagination. On one of them he dwelt long and joyfully. He vividly
imagination. She drove them away and tried to conceal them.
imagination: thoughts of how things would be after his death, and
imagining that they have discovered and appraised the peculiarities of
imitated by the short extensor and the long abductor (ext. ossis
immediate and unconditional emancipation cannot be measured. If the
immediate removal of the dead and dying tissues, as a rule, offers the
immediate vicinity of the area of infection young connective tissue, and
immediate." To apply his art intelligently and successfully, it is
immediately abolished and a republic established. On January 21, 1793,
immediately after dinner. He called Natasha and asked her what was the
immediately afterwards cannon began firing from somewhere and smoke
immediately assumed a pose and began reciting some humorous verses
immediately choose by ballot one of them for President; and if no person
immediately increased tenfold, and their life, which seemed to have
immediately involved, and sclerosed in the parts beyond. If the
immediately smiling again, and the little princess curiously noting
immediately vanished and were replaced by eager excitement. He quickly
immediately, blushing and looking anxiously at the officers to see
immediately, but yet looks about him and straightens the cap that is
immensely to the prestige and power of the nation. They purchased
immigration, and authorizing a modified form of indentured labor, by
immigration, and the opening of new wheat-growing regions. The currency,
immovably for some weeks near a totally ruined and deserted German
impaired as a result of mixed infection, and the absorption of toxins
impaired, and there is often vomiting. Patients in this condition are
impairment of function and the minimum sacrifice of healthy tissue. The
impart to the tumour an aneurysmal pulsation and bruit. The enlargement
imparts confidence to the nurse, and, it may be, to the patient, if a
impassable, new tracks have been made through the woods and fields
impassable. The Orthodox begin looting, and in a way of which our last
impassioned and embittered speakers on both sides roused the public to a
impatience, while the princess jumped up and with a gesture of
impeachment, and endowed with regal powers in the command of the army
impeded. When the heart's action is weak and the blood tension low the
impending battle. All he had seen that day, all the significant and
impending engagement) he would say something about men, honor, and the
imperceptible; the respirations shallow and hurried; consciousness
imperfect granulations should be scraped away, and some stimulating
imperial defense and make provision for supporting the local officers of
imperial favor, and directly they noticed it turning in any direction,
imperial in temper, and prepared to contest on land and water the
imperialism that had brought the nations of antiquity to judgment and
impertinent. Judging from their speeches and writings, they conceived
impetigo, and pediculosis.
impetuously at the wolf from in front and almost knocked her over. But
impetuously at the wolf, and seized it by its hindquarters, but
impetus, and Princess Mary long remembered the dying creak of that
implicated is at first firm and indurated, but as it loses its vitality
implicated, the pressure in the vein is high and the patient suffers a
implicates the intestinal canal and its accessory glands, the lungs,
implored him to see her, telling him how grieved she was about him and
imploring him to hear something more, nodded and turned to him with
imploringly at them, and understood that it was useless and even cruel
import apart from the risk of haemorrhage and of infection.
importance herself, and in the rough copies of which the countess
importance of rail connection between the East and the Pacific Coast had
importance relating to Andrew Bolkonski and his betrothed. Pierre
importance were the Scotch-Irish and the Germans. Into the melting pot
importance, adding to the prestige of the whole country and deepening
importance, and under the influence of the depression that possessed
importance, he returned again, called back the cook and the club
importance, the cotton industry was launched, and the coal, iron,
important and general movement; that something was constantly expected
important and unimportant people in Count Arakcheev's waiting room.
important and unimportant, all of whom he knew, as if they were all
important and was now so kind to her. Natasha brightened up and felt
important boards and commissions dealing with industrial questions.
important both to the Americans and to the English?
important diseases as tuberculosis and syphilis, and in which different
important guests, and there too sat the members of the family, and
important information about your specific rights and restrictions in
important information about your specific rights and restrictions in
important occasions and, adopting a quiet tone, discussed the whole
important occupation, came up to her for a moment and made haste to go
important only what was rational, and was capable of applying the
important role in the counter attack that "smashed" the salient and
important that was bound to happen. The countess looked with sad and
imposed on them by long and arduous campaigns. They were continually
imposed upon Southern commerce; and it is unnecessary to add that the
impossibility of driving back the Russians, and of disorganization
impossible for him to live otherwise than as he did and that he had
impossible to dissect out the cyst, and the wall should be destroyed
impossible to draw a hard-and-fast line between them, but for
impossible to enter the drawing-room door for the crowd of members and
impossible to hold? The lower-grade officers and even the soldiers
impossible to prevent it. Three regiments have been here and spent the
impossible to stop him, she rallied her forces and joined the
impossible, it's awful!" She looked into her lover's face and saw in
impossible. Adduction and abduction movements of the fingers are lost.
imposts, and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;
impotence and insignificance--particularly acute by contrast with
impression made on his sensitive mind by the sight of the killed and
impression. Whether Dolgorukov and Weyrother, or Kutuzov, Langeron,
impressions of one's most distant past in which dreams and realities
impressively, and majestically. But can it be true that I am in
impressively, blocking the way to the bedroom and preventing the other
imprisoned on military orders although charged with no offense, and were
imprisoned, their papers suspended, and their newsboys locked up. Those
imprisonment were such that he seemed not to know what fatigue and
improbable, was now nearer and more akin and more comprehensible
improper and in bad form, but here he felt it incumbent on him to
improper intention. She did not know what to say and turned away as if
improved and knowledge of the subject spread among the people. Lands in
improvement. His satire has been less bitter of late, and there was
impulses reaching the brain and causing shock during an operation. If
in 1607, and the close of the French and Indian war in 1763--a period of
in 1629 under the title: "The governor and company of the Massachusetts
in 1796, and it encouraged the professional land operator by making the
in 1824 by giving only three electoral votes for John Quincy Adams; and
in 1864; and Confederate Gulch was christened Diamond City in 1865. At
in 1865 they found devastation--in the towns, in the country, and along
in 1866 and held its first national convention the following year. It
in 6), or lead and opium fomentations.
in Congress and for three terms as governor of his state. The latter had
in Congress and the approval of all the states. As if to give force to
in Congress, many Northern Whigs and Democrats had come to the
in Erza and "Uncle's" red Rugay two rivals he had never yet had a
in Europe and our imported goods must be paid for, buy them where we
in Ferapontov's open shop, talking loudly and filling their bags and
in Helene's good fortune and in the question which match would be
in His sight. I suffer for my own sins,' and he wept bitter tears.
in July and at the beginning of August showed that they expected this.
in June and July, 1918, every available man was placed at General Foch's
in Kentucky, Tennessee, and Texas. Within two decades, 1880 to 1900, the
in Lymph Vessels and Glands.
in Macdonald, _Documentary Source Book_, pp. 424-433 and pp. 271-279.
in Mary's presence, praising him and telling how he had blushed when
in November, 1805, announcing that he and his son would be paying
in Paris who began to talk about all men being free and equal. This
in Petersburg which seemed to him stupid, and made forcible and
in Petersburg, paid calls, and prepared everything for a brilliant
in Pierre's direction with a frown and ordered him to be led away. But
in Spain, and in Russia--and that the movements from the west to the
in Voronezh and, as usually happens when a man is in a pleasant
in a capillary tube and sent to a pathologist for microscopical
in a comforting belief in future life, retribution, recompense, and
in a corner, starting every now and then and muttering something to
in a deep voice and with a slight cough--the voice and cough with
in a dressing jacket with slippers on her bare feet and her hair in
in a hood with attendants and singers. Behind them soldiers and
in a lawful manner. The sutlers alone venture to trade, and they
in a low voice and, as it seemed to Prince Andrew, with some
in a subject however trivial it may be, and that there is no subject
in a voice of despair and repressed irritation. Sonya burst into
in a way more natural and animated than usual, so that the wrinkles
in a whisper and four more Uhlans left the ranks and placed themselves
in agriculture, business, and transportation by military operations. And
in all American history. In keeping with his own traditions and
in all around him. He stroked her hair and then patted her awkwardly
in among the baggage trains, and the prisoners, hemmed in on all
in amount, and contains a large proportion of urates. As the poisons
in amputation wounds, and in wounds made in excising tumours or in
in and hand the letter to the Emperor myself so much the worse for
in arms against the union. This step was early and repeatedly suggested
in arteries, but the thrombosed area may become canalised and the
in arthritis deformans, and described as arborescent lipoma. Both these
in arthritis deformans. These fringes may be detached and form loose
in ashes; Nashville and Chattanooga had been partially wrecked; Richmond
in attendance on him two of his servants, Terenty and Vaska, who had
in battles with the royal and proprietary governors. When called upon by
in being recognised and treated.
in bitterness. It flamed up in 1820 and was allayed by the Missouri
in bleeders, and when the slough separates the blood-clot is exposed and
in building roads and canals and public grants in aid of education,
in cachets beginning with doses of 5-10 grs. and increased to 15-20 grs.
in caravans, bought their freedom one by one or ran away, and drove or
in cases in which pain and other irritative symptoms of articular
in chess you may think over each move as long as you please and are
in chief's face attentively, and the only expression he could see
in church, and told her he had heard of her trouble and sympathized
in coal-miners, and in those injured by firearms, and is to be prevented
in competition with those of the Northern and Middle states.... These
in court circles the possibility of marriage between Napoleon and
in defense of our faith, the throne, and the Fatherland! We must cease
in defense of the American colonies and nothing seemed more reasonable
in diameter--free excision is the most rapid and certain method of
in disorder and was retreating upon the Kiev grenadiers. Prince
in dissecting-rooms and museums. Similar localised ossifications are met
in doses of 100th grain may be given dissolved in cod-liver oil, and
in exceptional cases pyogenic infection may be superadded, and pus form
in farming and planting, so that England's policy of restricting America
in fibrous and cartilaginous tumours, in tumours of the thyreoid gland,
in from their estates and which many people envied proved to be
in glycerin are injected and the wound is closed. In virulent infections
in glycerine. The dressing is changed as often as necessary, and in the
in going to and returning from the same; and, for any speech or debate
in good spirits, he mounted his horse and rode out into the field in
in great detail the size of the rooms, the air space, the light and the
in her glance and in every motion, she looked at the visitors and,
in her prominent gray eyes. Then she shook her head and glanced up
in his effective and pleasant though now feeble voice a story Pierre
in his glowing eyes and his resolute gait, the terrible indications of
in his horse, hesitating whether to ride along it or cross it and ride
in his nose, and tears dimmed his eyes. The sick man was turned on
in his old-fashioned coat and powdered wig and, aroused by anyone,
in his opinion, the sole cause of the whole disaster, and with
in his pocket, folded up his papers, and called in Alpatych who had
in his power, and so that way of life proved economical.
in his wife's drawing room (and he was almost always there) had a
in his writing table, and this is a paper he has forgotten...."
in individual muscles is remarkably constant, and is usually at the
in inducing hyperaemia by Bier's method; and a vaccine may be employed
in industry, commerce, and cities far exceeded the value of all the farm
in it, but when spoken and not sung, no meaning could be got out of
in its neighbourhood, and on the capacity of the cells, when
in its small circlet saw smoke and men, sometimes his own and
in its tendency to contract, in being swollen, painful and tender on
in jest had called his Comite de salut public--were taking shape and
in knock-knee and bow-knee.
in labor organizations and their critics ascribed to their lack of
in life and its enjoyment.
in man and we call that freedom.
in marching kit, and on his cold face appeared that same it which
in me--everyone must know it: Pierre, and that young girl who wanted
in military prisons, in agriculture, and in industry they bore their
in name,' he says. 'Shout loud at them,' he says, 'and you'll take
in natural science and to win single-handed recognition at the hands of
in one side of the neck, and is excited by some inadvertent movement.
in ordinary life, and it was difficult for him to regard them merely
in our country." Virginia and North Carolina, already overstocked with
in overgrowth of the connective-tissue framework of the muscle and
in patients suffering from glycosuria, and is usually associated with
in perplexity, and only later grasped that a stroke was an attack of
in politics, and in the field of labor control can hardly be measured.
in proportion to the severity of the reverse, and if its army
in rank--"I thank you for myself and for our two dear ones whose
in raptures about him, when he had just returned from abroad, and
in red bodices and white skirts. One very fat girl in a white silk
in relation to the surface, and other factors.
in relation to the thyreo-glossal duct; _rectal and post-rectal_
in seeing that their children and wards were taught to read religious
in shamefaced and happy confusion glanced occasionally at her, and
in silence, and then the same joke was repeated.
in six and in New England one in fifty were negroes, including a few
in so that the water splashed in the air, and, having disappeared
in society seems less guilty and his action more due to the law of
in society, and so her position now is not a rosy one. We should enter
in society, of composure and imperturbable self-possession. If a man
in some cases, the only elective city official and gave the voters a
in spite of this, both the face and words of his new acquaintance were
in structure that they remain permanently dilated, and are at the same
in sufficient quantities to export it to the Southern colonies and to
in the Mississippi Valley, and in the Western mountains from North
in the North. Between 1870 and 1900 the number of farms doubled in every
in the Senate, "or in the press which supports it and them, a single
in the Temple and the Tabernacle, the irrigation works, and the great
in the Tula and Ryazan provinces, and that if they retreated on Nizhni
in the United States and to prevent any man, no matter who he is, from
in the West any able-bodied man with initiative and industry could
in the West collapsed; Eastern mills shut down; and working people in
in the Whole," said Pierre, and he pointed to the sky.
in the abdominal and in the glandular and osseous tuberculous lesions of
in the army was asking for leave to visit Moscow and had something
in the bones, and the disease gradually extends up the leg (Fig. 32).
in the branches of the fifth nerve, and is one of the most painful
in the cancellous spaces and medullary canal, or in all three
in the carriage beside the countess and gazing at the slowly
in the city and there is not the slightest danger. See! I've just been
in the count's house. Such were Dimmler the musician and his wife,
in the courtyard and wished to see him.
in the dark corner. And this someone was he--the devil--and he was
in the daytime, and at night there were the campfires; the lice that
in the distance, and he listened to the sounds of firing in the
in the drawing room from habit, and Pierre answered the countess'
in the drawing room, talking to the little princess and Mademoiselle
in the fabric of our government and in the fundamental principles upon
in the face and with bloodshot eyes, dragged Mitenka out by the scruff
in the femur and tibia in tertiary syphilis; if the subject of this
in the fields and forests, celebrated far and wide as "honest Abe, the
in the fleeting glance they threw at the riders and in the
in the forest, and this oak, refused to yield to the charm of spring
in the formation of spicules of new bone on the periosteal surfaces and
in the furrow between the glans and the prepuce.
in the hall and anteroom, as if someone had arrived.
in the highest and most diverse Petersburg circles of the day. The
in the hip or sacro-iliac joint, especially tuberculous disease and
in the house was done in haste at that time), and Pierre and Anna
in the interior of the bones may become encapsulated, and a cure be thus
in the interior of the heart or of a blood vessel, and the process by
in the intervals the limb is elevated to get rid of the oedema and to
in the later secondary period; the biceps of the arm and the hamstrings
in the least fear any kind of trial, and that if those scoundrels
in the life of the Russian people, the causes and meaning of which are
in the light of the new age. So it will be with the rise and growth of
in the limb and locking of the joint, followed by effusion and other
in the lower limbs of athletes and of those whose occupation involves
in the lungs of the men and beasts as they moved along that road.
in the male, the prepuce is removed and the warts on the glans are
in the mechanical removal of dirt and grease by the same means as are
in the middle line, and in the palm they should be made over the
in the middle of the streets. Both the Russians and the French
in the midst of rough plenty, beset by chills, fevers, and the ills of
in the morning, Natasha insisted on fasting and preparing for the
in the name of my dead father, who was a good master to you, and of my
in the pocket, or the core and the case separating--"stripping" of the
in the possibility of goodness and truth, but of seeing the evil and
in the presence of disease of the heart and blood vessels, especially a
in the real estate business. We don't want you to go out West and make a
in the realms of eternal peace and blessedness?" she thought.
in the sea of mist. In front and behind moved infantry. The
in the sheath and to diminish the risk of the tendons sloughing. No form
in the soldiers' ward, and still seeming to see fixed on him those
in the sore itself and in the parts around.
in the square. Two officers with flushed faces, looking cheerful and
in the streets of Moscow and had always been protected from the
in the streets. The gates and shops were all closed, only here and
in the substance of the muscle, and this may likewise impair its
in the town, and was it true? Pierre laughed and said it was
in the wall of an artery diminishes its elasticity and favours
in the walls and increase in the arterial tension due to
in the world, and especially therefore above himself.
in the wrong place, and for a long time two menservants stood one on
in the yard and in the house. The count bad been out since morning.
in the yards and huts of that large village. The Rostovs' servants and
in their places, and one of them read an exhortation on the
in their turn, and the procession of carriages moved up the street. In
in their vicinity, and so interfering with the exudation of leucocytes
in them the help and protection due to their misfortunes. These are
in them, they were not clear, they were too one-sidedly personal and
in this part of the house and did not even know of the existence of
in those signs of power--men, money, and supplies--it is difficult to
in threes and fours, and then Cossacks: some in felt cloaks, some in
in threes, and reckoning them off on his fingers. Mentally
in time, for the condition is chronic and may become stationary, but
in town and country, new burdens were laid upon public officers. They
in tuberculous lesions unaccompanied by suppuration, in malaria, and in
in upon your son, told him that all was right, and eventually got to my bed about two o'clock, after what I may call a really hard day's work."
in war on our own frontiers, with and for the King of Prussia. We have
in weekly and monthly magazines, in essays and pamphlets, in editorials
in which Rostov was serving, and a misunderstanding arose. The two
in which all vital organic and elemental events occur. And the
in which he had been happy became trying to him, and the freedom and
in which it lies, and a discharge of pus from the sinuses, so that the
in which not one battle had been won, and in which not a flag, or
in which the artery is remarkably attenuated and dilated, and so friable
in which the figures of the Emperor and Volkonski could already be
in which the nerve is directly damaged by the bullet, and (2) those in
in wide removal of the diseased tissues and resection of the bone, or in
in width about 0.25 u, and is distinguished from other spirochaetes by
in world affairs. Thus questions connected with foreign and "imperial"
in young women with an impressionable nervous system, and especially
in!" ordered Petya. And at first from afar he heard men's voices and
in, and sinking heavily into an armchair.
inability both of the President and Vice-President, declaring what
inability properly to throw the muscles into action and dispose the
inaugurated and enlarged upon it. If he could have kept his throne, he
inauguration. Between driving out Democrats and appeasing Whigs, he fell
incapable of feeling respect for our holy order and is too preoccupied
incapacity to think and feel all that time. On the day of his rescue
incapacity, and (it was whispered) the youth and inexperience of the
incessantly with other people and suddenly remembered that this
inch of Russian soil and not to retreat. The enormous Drissa camp
inch--and I will be heard....
incidents of the revolt and its repression, they admitted, were painful
incised, disinfected, and drained. The general treatment is carried out
incision and filling the cavity with iodoform glycerine, followed by the
incision, and no packing or drain should be introduced.
incision, and the ends brought into accurate contact by catgut sutures.
incision; the periosteum is reflected and the bone is opened up by a
incision_ a blood-clot forms between the edges, becomes organised, and
incline before reaching Bogucharovo, and Rostov, outstripping Ilyin,
included among her enemies the creditors and all who had business
included in the consideration of wounds and contusions.
includes all three coats, and as the inner and outer coats are usually
including 114 American men, women, and children. A cry of horror ran
including Nathaniel Hawthorne, Horace Greeley, and Wendell Phillips,
including an American citizen, were killed; and on April 28, a German
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
including the plumbers, printers, mule spinners, iron molders, and stone
including ulcers, patches where the papillae are absent, fissures, and
incoherently described the depths of the forest, her feelings, and a
incompatibility of free will and inevitability does not exist as it
incomprehensible Being? didst thou, and why did the whole world,
incomprehensible), he appeared to them a rather mysterious and
inconceivable otherwise, because it must be so and that it is a law.
inconstancy, of how easily women can turn from sadness to joy, and how
inconvenience from its bulk and weight. In contrast to ordinary dropsy,
inconvenience, and may be left alone. Otherwise it should be dissected
incorporated it in an amendment to the federal Constitution. Again and
incorporated with the bone with which it is in contact, and does not
increase in the immigration of leucocytes, and infiltration with the
increase. The victories of the French at Jena and Auerstadt destroy
increased activity, whirring, and chiming in the higher spheres.
increased and consolidated. At Borodino a collision took place.
increased and the planting system expanded, apologies for slavery became
increased by leaps and bounds. The cities overshadowed the country. The
increased by them; and how amply we shall be compensated for any trouble
increased if the virus is retained under cover of a long and tight
increased vascularity and thickening of the membrane and an enlargement
increases and decreases..."
increases in size slowly and seldom gives rise to urgent symptoms.
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
incumbent on him, as a king and an ally, to confer on state affairs
indebted to Sonya for all she was doing for his mother and greatly
indeed the one book of the people. Farmers, shopkeepers, and artisans,
indefinite and pitiful, and when speaking of him and of the year
indefinite, conditional, and unsteady fluctuation of relations,
indefinitely and destroying everything with which they come in contact.
indentations and irregularity in its contour.
indentured servants and whites carried to America against their will
independence and the advent of Jacksonian democracy the great American
independence, denounced the government as the aggressor and rejoiced in
independent opinion nourished by the press and enriched by discussions
independently of Kutuzov, and found that peace had already been
indicate how profoundly he valued and comprehended the Emperor's
indicate that, besides military matters, social interests and the fair
indicate the chief directions in which danger lies, and to describe the
indicated continuous, varied, and orderly activity. The motion of
indicated, and should be employed until the diagnosis is definitely
indicates a positive phase, and the original dose may be repeated or
indication being to prevent the access of bacteria to the dead part, and
indication to stop. To cauterise the track and so prevent bleeding, the
indications: the relief of pain; the prevention of sepsis; and the
indifference if not connivance, permitted rams and ships to be built in
indifferent to politics, but from my father's remarks and his talks
indignantly. "I come to ask you what to do, and you call it
indignation and resentment the Emperor had found a phrase that pleased
indignities, wrongs, and outrages of the lawless, the violent, and the
indirect signs--such, for example, as rigidity and curvature in the case
indistinctly, without looking at the man he was addressing, and did
individual owners and partnerships.
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
individuals bought up soldiers' claims and so acquired enormous holdings
indolent or bullet-bubo which accompanies the primary lesion, and the
induced capitalists to invest in irrigation and at the same time
induced him to ask for authority to employ military and naval forces in
induced to cicatrise by inserting a tube of radium and leaving it for a
indurated base, and exudes a scanty serous discharge; its surface is at
indurated, persistent, and indolent, and attended with bullet-buboes in
indurated. The primary lesion meanwhile inflames, suppurates, and, after
indurated; and the discharge is thick, glairy, and peculiarly offensive.
indurated; sometimes they are raised and crater-like. The floor of the
induration felt between the finger and thumb on palpating the urethra.
induration is rarely characteristic and does not last so long. The
induration of the surrounding skin and cellular tissues (Fig. 18). The
induration results from coagulation and partial organisation of the
industrial revolution in America, the rise of the factory system, and
industrial spirit that had conquered feudal Europe and the agricultural
industrial system was confined mainly to the North. By canals and
industrial system, which had risen and flourished before the Civil War,
industries came from factories under corporate management and only
industries in Pennsylvania. Their iron, glass, paper, and woolen mills,
industries, and the Confederation itself. In 1781, even before the
industries, based on the cost of living, and to enforce the rates fixed.
industries, they said, are in the East and the protective tariff which
industries. Lynn, Massachusetts, had a forge and skilled artisans within
industrious workmen, and the peasants caught the commissaries who
industry and improvement and shall not take from the mouth of labour the
industry and trade were more than offset by the privileges they enjoyed.
industry and was promoted by their organizations. Where they did not
industry as steel and steam power was the great market, spread over a
industry, chemistry, and mechanical inventions. Through the sale of
industry, created a leisure class, gave women wages and incomes, and
industry, firmness, and expedition. I consider myself fortunate to
industry, the nursery of seamanship and the maritime spirit.
industry. By an act of 1750, pig and bar iron from the colonies were
industry. He promised them to make the desert blossom as the rose, and
inequalities in wealth, and more equality of opportunity.
inequitable, and illogical"; as a system of taxation that laid a burden
inert in Moscow for five weeks, and then suddenly, with no fresh
inevitability and the less free do our actions and those of others
inevitability, to destroy the conception of the soul, of good and
inexhaustible memories, interpretations, and happy meditations for
infantry and narrow lines of artillery with green caissons.
infantry battalions and artillery pass by and go forward and then
infantry soldiers who were seizing the artillery horses and turning
infantry who had come into the hollow and were firing at our men.
infantry, cavalry, and artillery. How was it that two guns were
infantrymen ran to the Kutafyev Gate. Beams and wooden screens had
infants, and occur more commonly towards the end of the second or during
infants, usually effects a marked and rapid improvement both in the
infected and increase rapidly, so that, when the primary growth is still
infected and suppurates, and finally ruptures on the surface. This may
infected wound, with inflammatory redness around it and along the lines
infection has been overcome, _secondary_ sutures may be introduced and
infection is chiefly responsible for the pyrexia, sweating, and
infection leads to caries and necrosis. In the nose, the disease is
infection takes place through a broken cutaneous surface, and leads to a
infection taking place through the pharynx or oesophagus, and leading to
infection with pyogenic organisms, and two varieties or types are
infection, and the manifestations are the result of the entrance of the
infection, and their complete removal is an essential part of the
infection, and when this can be done, as for example in a carbuncle or
infection, suffices to neutralise the virus in man, and up to eighteen
infection, the condition is spoken of as _acquired syphilis_, and the
infection; it is widely diffused over the trunk, and the original dull
infections of the accessory air sinuses, and in other diseases caused by
infections of the soft parts, such as erysipelas and cellulitis, and, in
infective agents may gain access to surgical wounds are so numerous and
infective, and the disease may be transmitted by the discharges from
inferior courts, shall hold their offices during good behaviour, and
inferior in sharpness and definition to those of metal; almost all the
infiltrated and oedematous. In the course of a few hours a dark spot
infinitely small, and so conforms to the chief condition of motion
inflamed area, otherwise under similar conditions as to coverings and
inflamed causes alteration in the attitude of the shoulder and
inflamed part rapidly increase in number, and they become viscous and
inflammation are indicated: Bier's hyperaemia, lead and opium
inflammation is almost an axiom of surgery. Pain and tenderness are due
inflammation of serous and synovial membranes, also with a form of
inflammation, being lighter and brighter in the early, hyperaemic stages,
inflammatory and suppurative conditions.
inflammatory effusion, and prevents the necessary contraction of the
influence in the village commune and had recently been away driving
influence of bacterial toxins results in disintegration and crumbling
influence of fear of death they lost their discipline and rushed about
influence on the course of these events is purely external and
influence, and alcoholic intemperance is universally regarded as a
influences both the prognosis and the treatment, for it implies a lesion
influences, and especially of the movement of the joint.
influenza, beri-beri, and many other diseases.
inform him of his rank and mission. Contrary to his expectation,
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
informing them of the state of affairs in Massachusetts and roundly
inframaxillary branches of the facial, the hypoglossal and its
ingratiating and appealing smile, and took his hand that he might
ingrowth of healthy epithelium from the surrounding skin, and at the
inguinal (Poupart's) ligament, and receive lymph from the external
inherent in heroes and rulers, but as the resultant of a
inherent, and inseparable rights of the colonists as men and as citizens
inheres in all free government and it is expressly guaranteed by the
inherited, is the organism, described by Schaudinn and Hoffman, in 1905,
initial infection and the first constitutional manifestations,--roughly,
initial pain may be associated with shivering or even with a rigor, and
initiated, the hurry and preoccupation of everyone, and the
initiative and drive of individuals and companies." All government
initiative and referendum and announced a doctrine known as the "recall
initiative and referendum. At the end of ten years' agitation, only ten
injecting the edges with quinine and urea hydrochlorate before suturing,
injection of new issues like the trusts and labor problems. As of old,
injection there may be pain and stiffness in the gluteal region.
injection, and this even when rupture of the abscess on the skin surface
injections of ether or strychnin and the application of mustard or hot
injections of the "914" group are not painful, and even more efficient
injunction as a new and highly dangerous form of oppression." Mr.
injuries and diseases of the spinal cord, also plays an important part
injuries in general. It is impossible to diagnose between complete and
injuries; and the subjects of it are popularly known as "bleeders."
injurious to the corn and wheat producers of the West. Cheap labor
injury and oppression of other classes and individuals"; it is a
injury by administering an anaesthetic and exploring the wound. In
injustice and the consequent loss of national self-respect and honor."
inmates of the house and strangers crowded into the drawing room round
inner and middle coats so that they curl up inside the lumen, while the
innkeepers, and ladies--frightening and funny--bringing in with them
innocence and youth, his voice was pleasant and musical. But the chief
innocent and untried?"
innocent angiomas, and they may be so vascular as to pulsate and on
innominate, and aortic aneurysm, and from other swellings--solid or
innumerable committees and commissions of whose existence he learned
innumerable unlucky chances presented themselves, and he expected them
innumerable wheels and pulleys is merely a slow and regular movement
inoculated into wounds in the sole or about the toes, and although the
inordinate zeal for profits that seized slave traders both in Old and in
inquire whether new territory could be constitutionally acquired and
inquired about her health, led the way to his mother, and having sat
inquired whether his Serene Highness was putting up there and
inquiringly at Balashev and, evidently understanding that he only
inquisitively and alertly scrutinizing the people driving or walking
insensibility is shaded black. The parts insensitive to light touch and
insensitive to touch and pain. These attacks of _local syncope_ recur at
insensitive, and their removal is only called for if they cause pain or
inserted and left in position for from fifteen to thirty minutes.
insertion of the deltoid, and that spontaneous fracture of the femur is
inside it was quiet and dark. For a long time Pierre did not sleep,
insidious morals and manners. The only substantial foundation for a
insignificance beside her in the spiritual world, and rejoiced all the
insignificance, aware of being but a drop in that ocean of men, and
insignificant creatures, and he so longed to find in someone the
insignificant people appeared before him. He talked to them and
insisted on a delay of a year and now already six months, half of that
insoluble easily and simply receive an immediate and certain solution.
insolubly difficult and destroys the desire and possibility of
inspect and criticize his camp in his absence. From this short
inspire me, and I shall speak to them as I always do: clearly,
installed as the successor to Diaz, was deposed in 1913 and brutally
instance, and the daily dose is increased to five or even seven grains
instances the patient has carefully observed his own symptoms, and is
instances the patient's first complaint is of pain and stiffness in the
instant, as if to give the visitor time to greet her aunt, and then
instant, with a cry like a wail, first one hound, then another, and
instantly forsook him, and without noticing it he passed into his
instigating. Although Great Britain and nearly all the powers of Europe
instinct and did not go wrong in the side streets that led to the
instinct told her that though all this was true, and though nothing
instinctively felt that the way advised by Tushin and the other
institute new government, laying its foundations on such principles and
instituted, and a system of national insurance was established in the
institution designed "to strengthen the arm of wealth and counterpoise
institutions and ideals. The income tax law of 1894, exclaimed the
institutions, and the trade of Europe to the very ends of the earth.
institutions, its population, its wealth, and its commerce, had become
instructions and occasionally glancing disapprovingly at the
instructions his father had sent and taking the correspondence and his
instructions to the hurrying people, and flurrying them still more.
instructions to the servants for the accommodation of the visitors and
instructions, orders, and commissions to the baggage men who
instructive and sometimes other than what was expected.
instruments, and the sharper and smoother the instrument the more does
insufficient, and he kept expecting something more, more and yet more.
intact, made gains in India, and maintained her supremacy on the seas.
intangible is the real strength of the colony, still exists; and
intangible yet powerful and indestructible.
integrity of the nerve be restored, and so its function is permanently
integrity. Though the "regular" Republicans called them "Mugwumps" and
intellect and his originality, at once made Prince Nicholas
intellect who by his energy and persistence had attained power,
intellect, he did not believe it in his heart and did not adapt
intellectual activity and the movement of peoples, and in no case
intelligent labor and intensive cultivation they were able to restore
intelligent men for his car and send a courier to General Kutuzov to
intelligible to us, and admitting the ultimate purpose to be beyond
intended to offer his Serene Highness bread and salt. "Her husband has
intending to establish three departments, coordinate and independent
intending to rest if but for a moment, eat something, and try to
intense look fixed on him on his right, and he turned. Close to the
intense. Appeals and petitions poured in upon Congress and the
intensity and duration of their action. A mechanical, a thermal, or a
intensity, and he hastened to escape from these memories and to find
intensive movement which first increases and then slackens. What was
intention of demonstrating the advantages of his position and
intention of making love to her. Anatole had no notion and was
intention of proposing, and today or tomorrow he would probably ask
intention to unite all employees into one big union and seize the
intentions of remaining in Joseph Alexeevich's house and keeping his
intently and fixedly at whatever her eyes chanced to fall on. This
inter-phalangeal joints, the flexion being most marked in the little and
intercept every glance directed toward her, and tried to appear the
intercepted his lips and met them with her own. Her face struck
interest by the Republican Congress at Washington and, reduced to its
interest her--or by a silent look and smile which more palpably than
interest him, that air of unconcern, indifference, and benevolence
interest in anything and only saying now and then, "Oh, why did he
interest in these things and to question Pierre. The questions put
interest only of the new homestead he was constructing and its
interest, particularly in New York City and Philadelphia. In June, 1776,
interested him, and often when sitting alone in his study he got up,
interested himself in practical ways of ditching and tiling. Were
interested in him, and wanted to meet him.
interested in military strategy and had tested his coolness under fire
interesting and entertaining. After the field marshal's departure it
interesting and instructive and may perhaps even possess a tinge of
interesting man now); people invite me out and tell me all about
interests and service interests and intrigues as usual. Only in the
interests are all in the East, and in regard to Bonaparte the only
interests have vanished leaving no trace, and nothing remains of
interests in the Western hemisphere carefully watched and guarded. The
interests of some and the prejudices of others, have obtained a decided
interests of the mother country, where merchants and men of finance had
interests of the regiment and felt himself deprived of liberty and
interests. The farming and planting South, outside of the few towns,
interfere with the continued life and growth of the organisms
interference is usually restricted to opening and draining the
interference with the management, prices, rates, charges, and conduct of
interference with the trophic nerve-supply of the parts, and to the fact
interior of certain cystic tumours of the breast and of the ovary.
interior of the vessel, and the tunica externa collapses over the cut
interior, and remove any tooth that may be present. The cavity is then
intermittent hydrops which comes and goes coincidently with
intermittent, and is usually associated with tingling and disturbance of
intermuscular connective tissue, periosteum, bone-marrow, and skin, and
internal organs, and there is no fear of interfering with the growth of
internal peace and the increasing power of the mercantile classes in the
internal physical distress, and pains in his feet and side. He
international relations, conquests, and alliances, the historians
interposed Denisov in a loud and resolute voice. "I agwee that
interpretation and annulment by the judiciary, appointed by the
interrupted sutures that do not pierce the intima, and wrapping it
interrupting one another and mingling with the rustling of dresses and
interstices of the tissues, and, coagulating, forms a clot which
interval between the femur and tibia, most often on the lateral aspect
intervals--trata... tat--and then more and more regularly and rapidly,
intervals; other hounds joined in, now pausing and now again giving
intervene whenever necessary to protect life and property, and reserving
intervention and war if necessary.
interview had lasted an hour and fifty-three minutes. He noted this
interview with So and-So,' and then I take a cab and go myself two,
interview? Why negotiate, and above all why retreat, when to retreat
intimate contact with the leucocytes, and in bacterial infections there
intimate feelings I render account only to God and to my
intimate friend and stared at Prince Andrew with cool intensity,
intimate with him, and finally make his request.
into French and was scattered in numerous editions throughout the
into Vesenny (vernal) and into Vesenya by the peasants and soldiers.
into a Continental army and selected Washington as commander-in-chief.
into a committee of the whole on the state of the union, and Franklin,
into a national campaign, and called upon trade unionists to desert the
into apathy and egotism.
into every vacant country and there to form their constitution and that
into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this
into granulation tissue, which eats into the cartilage and separates it
into her eyes and, unable to bear the looks turned upon her, ran
into her face and finding in his sister too something new, unusual,
into her work as if to testify that the interest and fascination of
into his study and showed them his choice collection of Turkish pipes.
into maps, but to fight, beat the enemy, keep him out of Russia, and
into one mass and supplied them with a certain energy, there was
into one of his wild furies and rages at everyone and everything,
into one of the carts and knocked a hole in it with its pole.
into pus and a localised abscess forms; or portions of the thrombus may
into records, questioned seamen, seized and handcuffed victims. Saints
into simpler elements. An alkaline medium favours bacterial growth; and
into small lots and to make it easy for actual settlers to acquire small
into sugar--and then run out into the yard to see whether it had
into the Atlantic to the Ohio River and beyond into the Northwest
into the Russian service, and the appointment he seeks in Turkey comes
into the ballroom where, shyly at first and then more and more merrily
into the feather bed, rolled over to the wall, and began snuggling
into the garden and as far as the pond, along the avenues of young
into the great reception room and, bowing politely, asked Balashev
into the hundreds of millions, the conviction of the planters and their
into the inflamed and oedematous surrounding tissues. Such ulcers are
into the joint, and in the case of _sarcoma_ the fluid is usually
into the porch, putting on his gloves and carrying his hat under his
into the room where Khvostikov and Makarin were sitting.
into the study--that was in the old house--and it was dark--we went in
into the valley. He greeted the men of the foremost regiment and
into those above the clavicle and those below that bone.
into unless this is essential for purposes of diagnosis, and the wound
into vogue. A trench was dug three and a half feet wide, four feet
into which our troops had descended and from whence came the sounds of
into whose frugal and industrious lives the later Irish and German
intothe ground ten paces apart to mark the barrier. It was thawing and
intra-muscular injections cause considerable pain, and may cause
intra-uterine fractures occur, and during parturition fresh fractures
intracranial tumours, and there is sometimes a loud murmur. It usually
intrigue of Kuragin's in Moscow, and Natasha tried to overhear it just
introduce in its entirety and over the whole area the system of lords
introduction of a Swiss device known as the initiative and referendum.
invade the lymph spaces, and are associated with acute spreading
invalid chair that they had lifted the dying man and were moving him.
invariably found in the blisters of burns, these must be opened and the
invasion that was about to break in upon Kentucky and Tennessee. As
invasions into slave territory and the emancipation of three hundred
investigated by Head and Sherren, the period between the operation and
invisible power at any moment to take her and deliver her from
invisible stockholders and dependent for his success upon his ability to
invited the contestants to the White House and by dint of hard labor
involuntarily and irrationally. But later on, to fit what had
involuntarily enjoyed talking with this cheerful and good-natured man.
involuntarily noticed that one of them was bleeding, and galloped on.
involuntarily passed round in a curve and came upon the large house
involuntarily rested longer on the slim Natasha. She looked at her and
involuntarily, and inevitably he lapsed into falsehood. If he had told
involuntary envy of her beauty, youth, and happiness, as well as by
involuntary, and when a low form of muttering delirium is present.
involved and then justified his action in a powerful opinion rendered in
involved, and it is necessary to prefix a qualifying adjective which
involved; and arbitration of the question was impossible. This response
involved; and lastly those of the limbs. Although this is the typical
involving chiefly the superficial lymph vessels and glands. The
involving its outer shell, as shown in Fig. 127. The situation and
iodine and potassium iodide. In all advancing purulent conditions, in
iodine are applied, one after the other, and this is repeated daily for
iodine, after which an antiseptic dressing is applied, and changed daily
iodine, and a Klapp's suction bell applied thrice daily. If pus forms,
iodine. Deep ulcers, and obstinate lesions of the bones, larynx, and
iodoform, and paraffin paste (B.I.P.P.) and sutured.
iodoform, and removal of the infected tissues with the sharp spoon. In
iron rails, and they were in a very bad condition--every bridge and
iron, and copper of Colorado were worth more than the wheat, corn, and
irony, and so had shrunk into herself as she did with others and had
irrecoverable days of her own girlhood and her own first ball. The
irregular, and ragged, showing no sign of growing epithelium--on the
irregular, firm, and swollen, and the surrounding mucous membrane is
irregular, the pulse small and rapid, and the urine may contain blood
irregular. The discharge is usually watery, and cakes in the dressing.
irregular. The face is flushed, the tongue dry and brown, and the
irregularity in the contour of the cortical bone, and frequently there
irrelevant and unimportant matters. Distressed, offended, and
irresolution, and alarm, yet at the same time joyfully expecting
irresponsibility for crimes and the extenuating circumstances admitted
irrevocable mistake. Marry when you are old and good for nothing--or
irrigate with Carrel-Dakin solution and pack with gauze smeared with the
irrigation afforded electricity for labor-saving devices and lifted many
irrigation of the colon are indicated, and Arbuthnot Lane claims to have
irrigation works, and disposed of their lands in small plots. Some
irritability, which was always directed against her and had of late
irritable, and it was Princess Mary who generally bore the brunt of
irritable, become cruel and harsh, are conscious of it, but cannot
irritably and she went to the window and opened it. Through the open
irritant effects are overcome, the inflammation is arrested, and
irritant. Sometimes it is mild and evanescent, as in the glandular
irritate Pierre now became a basis of the sympathy he felt for, and
irritation in these cases is probably due to toxins in the catgut and
irritation, ulceration ensues, and the sore becomes painful and tender,
irritation; and it became a formidable item in the long list of
is a God ruling us can bear a loss such as hers and... yours."
is a beloved and intimate human being that is dying, besides this
is a fairly constant symptom in severe burns, and is associated with
is a splendid valet and satisfies your father's requirements better
is abnormally thick and vascular, the superficial layers of the bone
is aggravated by walking, and the tendon is sensitive and swollen from a
is always a struggle between the organisms and the leucocytes, so that
is an effective blockade?" and "What is contraband of war?" The task of
is applied, and if suppuration occurs, the pus is let out through one or
is apt to die and furnish a sequestrum; the separation of the dead bone
is as clear as day, and can go so far astray. That is the only thing
is attended with greater difficulty and danger in subclavian than in
is better to expose it by operation, and thus learn the exact state of
is blocked also, the action of pyogenic organisms is favoured and
is by no means uncommon in moderate drinkers, and has even been seen in
is calculated, and I don't like that. But Denisov..."
is called Unterkunft and where the husbands eat sauerkraut and the
is centered and in which lie the ashes of your ancestors! I shall
is chronic, and the chief feature is the gradual accumulation of fluid
is completely restored in six months; electric sensation and motor power
is exposed, and without fuel or forage, so something must be done,
is exposed, but, if the granulations are healthy and can be rendered
is feverish and out of sorts, losing appetite, becoming pale and anaemic,
is firm and elastic in consistence, but certain portions may be densely
is formed, the cells of which are arranged in parallel lines and
is found on the skin, in the mouth, and in other situations in the body,
is found to be heavier and bulkier than normal; there is diffuse
is gradually absorbed, and there result excavations or cavities. The
is greater on the dorsal than on the plantar aspect, and that the death
is here and everywhere. In his captivity he had learned that in
is hot, tensely distended, and there may be oedema of the peri-articular
is in an historical sense involuntary and is related to the whole
is in normal health and the vitality of the tissues has not been
is in thee, and even in those blasphemous words thou hast just
is incomplete--the inner and middle coats being torn, while the outer
is indispensable in abduction and rotation of the humerus. When the arm
is indistinguishable from the thickened and enlarged bursa so commonly
is infinite motion without a moment of rest and is unthinkable
is insensibility to deep touch. The areas of epicritic and of
is irrevocable, and at that moment I could make only one movement, and
is it that Louis XIV and Ivan the Terrible end their reigns
is it you have loved a man for a whole year and suddenly... Why, you
is it?" said the man--a singer and a wag--whom Morel was embracing.
is kept going, and in this consciousness of being indispensable
is kept up from twenty to twenty-two hours out of the twenty-four, and
is known as the "core," and consists of the necrosed hair follicle or
is known to us we recognize a certain element of necessity and are
is liable to occur; and in old persons it is not uncommon for ulcers of
is liable to relapse. In the more severe variety the skin is red, and
is like money in circulation--paper money and coin. The biographies
is merely to remove the gangrenous part, and so relieve the patient of
is met with almost exclusively between the knee and the ankle, and it
is met with in the axilla in cases of chronic interstitial mastitis, and
is most intractable and may assume malignant characters. X-ray warts are
is my witness," and she made the sign of the cross, "I love her so
is no longer alive. And then such a death... without friends and
is no proof of any structural defect in the blood vessels, and beyond
is not possible and recourse is then had to ligation of the artery just
is not so marked as in the preceding type, and the patient is able to
is not uncommon in children, and explains the occurrence of aneurysm in
is not yet restored and not a single merchant is carrying on trade
is now rushing along the road to Brunn and will be here in a day or
is now so smooth and regular.
is of a severe type, when it is mon-articular, and when the general
is of an ashy-grey colour, the lips dark and swollen. On the inner
is often found between the patella and the trochlear surface of the
is often obstinate, and may last for many weeks or even months.
is often the case in the knee and elbow. Cold abscesses should, if
is one and Princess Bolkonskaya another."
is one consisting of calamine and 5 per cent. salicylic acid; the
is only seen in pregnant women, and suddenly began to cry.
is possible about a matter the conditions and circumstances of which
is protective, and just in proportion as we succeed in attaining this
is pus, let it out," summarises the treatment of abscess. The extent and
is quite equal to Marya Antonovna. See how the men, young and old, pay
is secured against the effects of bacterial action the serum and vaccine
is situated beneath the deep fascia, and projects either in front of or
is soft and elastic in the centre and firm at the margins, and shades
is spoken of as one of the most active, cultivated, and capable of the
is such a thing as other people's happiness and peace, and that you
is sure he will always say the right thing and say it well.
is surrounded and permeated by the phagocytes, which soften and
is taken and after that, with no further battles, it is not Russia
is the more prominent feature, and the affected bones are attenuated,
is the one held by the majority of people, and is the invariable fruit
is the principal aim of these three? Certainly self-reformation and
is the seat of a burning sensation and is tender to the touch, the most
is the shortness of the interval between the original infection and the
is the spirit of impartiality and fairness and friendliness to all
is thicker than normal, and is actively engaged in forming bone. In the
is to be unpleasant to people! Go and flirt with Berg as much as you
is to go to the right and who to the left? It is only because military
is undermining him (and there are always not merely one but several
is unsuspected before the onset of the gangrene, and it is only on
is useless and harmful.
is usually a very condensed narrative with emphasis on biographies and
is usually due to over-stretching of the plexus, and especially affects
is usually through an abrasion of the skin, and the primary
is vascularised and has been shown to functionate, but there is not
is very rare, and is met with in organs possessed of non-striped muscle,
is what follows from the fact that it is cold; and not that a child
is what is dearest to man--his own life--and it sometimes seems that
is within me, and it is all I!" thought Pierre. "And they caught all
is wobbly, and the quadriceps is wasted. The patient himself, or the
is, only the beginnings of marriage and not its whole significance,
ischaemia, _reflex paralysis_ of motion and sensation of a transient kind
isolated position, render it master of the situation and practically
issue between the North and the South--a definite statement of the
issue bills of credit or make anything but gold and silver coin legal
issue manifestoes, and stir up the people against England, Washington
issued from the openings of the windows and from under the roof.
issued his Farewell Address, another state paper to be treasured and
issues, however, nullified the effect of foreign credit and forced the
it a look of commiseration and perplexity.
it a measure of confiscation and repudiation; an effort of the debtors
it all, and should not marry if I had not thought it all out or if
it and be put to shame and perish, and may all the nations know that
it and it is occupied by soldiers who smoke pipes, make campfires of
it and saw Telyanin's horse at the porch.
it and the collective will of all the other animals is vested in
it and the retreating troops were filling it. Why should that cause
it at the banquet, and then that same face pale, quivering, and
it becomes doughy and sodden. Finally a slough forms, and, when it
it becomes softer, and can be moved in the transverse axis of the
it before. "How often we sin, how much we deceive, and all for what? I
it breaks down and liquefies.
it comes, and to think about what is pleasant. In solitude a man
it completely, so that Alpatych could not pass out and had to wait.
it continued to dress while walking about, and three times
it defines this freedom by the laws of reason, and so history is a
it disappeared into the Thames. The other clothes would have followed, but at that moment there was a rush of constables up the stair, and a few minutes after I found, rather, I confess, to my relief, that instead of being identified as Mr. Neville St. Clair, I was arrested as his murderer.
it drops and drops...."
it empty and that the nurse had been hiding the dead baby. He drew the
it goes off with the rest of the charge, and is often buried in the
it had been cleared of the enemy were most diverse and personal, and
it hard, except by a great effort, to realize the danger and the
it imposes duties on you, and you must be a man."
it in other directions, in the use of massage, and the induction of
it included scarcely a hundred and forty thousand who spoke French.
it is admitted, was far from satisfactory to the British government and
it is of the same shape and density as the original shaft, while its
it is sometimes subnormal. The pulse is small, feeble, rapid, and
it is typical of them all. Some had seen fighting with the French and
it is usually solitary, and is easily removed with scissors. The
it is, ready," said Platon, smiling and unfolding the shirt he had
it may be relieved either by douches of iodine and hot water (tincture
it may extend from this to aponeuroses, ligaments, periosteum, and the
it may increase in size, ulcerate, and fungate. The amount of pigment
it might cease and the sky clear, but after a short break it began
it might compromise the young Countess Rostova and so he wanted to
it over and began kissing first one knuckle, then the space between
it paid to serve him. Rostov patted the horse's neck and then his
it plates and spicules of soft porous bone. The new bone may be so
it resembles Caesar and Alexander the Great and is therefore good.
it saw fit to enact and until in its wisdom it decided to readmit any or
it seem odd if I ask?" Petya thought. "Well, never mind!" and
it seemed to Pierre, sunk in profound and calm meditation. His servant
it suggested the liveliness of a fourteen-year-old boy, and yet it was
it then, but knew that it was not true, and I felt so uncomfortable."
it to him alone some half-dozen times and always with a specially
it to some thought of their own and promptly contribute their own
it under the bast matting and cover it with hay--that's the way!"
it unless he be prepared by long and diligent self-purification, not
it up without reading it and reread his father's letter, ending with
it was evident he had reflected on this subject more than once, and he
it was impossible for cavalry to act among the bushes and broken
it was only for buying too many and too expensive things. To her other
it was simply a fortified point on the left flank--and that the battle
it was, the disorder was readily and naturally attributed to the
it were a bleeding artery. The tissues are then stitched over it and the
it were forever washed away from his imagination and memory the
it were in any way unsuitable. But on the contrary, my papa and
it were, the breathing of that great and beautiful body.
it would be better to put A in B's place and B in D's, or on the
it you. Lead that man away!" said he quickly and energetically, and
it! He just came and then left off, left off..."
it's definite and one is rid of the old tormenting doubt." Pierre held
it, and almost before he had righted himself in his saddle he saw that
it, and as he went on became more and more animated. He told them of
it, and he saw two of them and a man in a frieze coat dragging burning
it, and involuntarily waded knee-deep in the bog.
it, and looked at Telyanin. The lieutenant was looking about in his
it, and sat quietly in her armchair, though hoping to be offered
it, and so the melody that unexpectedly came to his mind seemed to him
it, endeavored to secure certain definite terms and conditions for trade
it, fingered his papers, closed the bureau again, and sat down at
it," and she rushed forward so that the maids who were tacking up
it. "Wostov, deah fellow, just see how much there is left and shove
it. At last Mademoiselle Bourienne gave a scream and ran away. Anatole
it. But the swords were drawn back from him and he was at once
it. But what a kind, pleasant face and how he smiles as he looks at
it. But, coming toward him, he saw hounds and a huntsman galloping
it. He did not, and could not, understand the meaning of words apart
it. Her face was calm, gentle, and happy. Clutching her breast to keep
it. It was calm, and at intervals the bugle calls and the shouts of
it. She knew that the sole weapon against him was prayer, and she
it. She waited till the valet had set down the coffee things and
it. When the king was executed and a radical democracy set up, American
it."... Prince Andrew did not catch what he said and would have passed
it..." answered her son coldly. "But I have promised and will do it
it.... Well, I have asked you, and now I won't interfere any more
it; gives the singles and snatches the doubles!"
it? Take this and this!' and I hit him so pat, stwaight on his
itable to his head than to his heart. With the connivance and assistance of his wife he disguised himself, covered those keen eyes with tinted glasses, masked the face with a moustache and a pair of bushy whiskers, sunk that clear voice into an insinuating whisper, and doubly secure on account of the girl's short sight, he appears as Mr. Hosmer Angel, and keeps off other lovers by making love himself."
itching and burning, and of great sensitiveness of the scar, even to
itching are attended with pain, and the skin becomes of a violet or
its aid. Both the Democrats and Republicans approved the idea, but it
its black eyes and peculiar mouth, and something near to him, long
its breakfasts, lunches, dinners, and suppers, provided out of the
its charter in 1684, and the new instrument granted seven years later
its definite place in history and without which we cannot imagine
its dirt and disease. So vividly did he recall that hospital stench of
its effects upon the life and destiny of the American people; for beyond
its examination is great, and where the causes of the action are
its headquarters, and having ascended a dark staircase, they entered a
its insignificance compared to the magnitude of the events, and by its
its language and its appeal. It denounced the practice of allowing
its neck in a table napkin and poured out wine for himself and for
its numerical strength, and led by inexperienced commanders as the
its onset and progress, the patient usually being able to go about.
its openings or cloacae, and is mainly responsible for the increase in
its pressure effects, and of the condition of the pulses beyond, may
its provisions and they often joined in parades organized to stir up
its security in time of war; by making use of the labor of women and
its selection and the way in which it is fashioned; for example, a flap
its shaft towards the end. The maximum thickening and tenderness usually
its sovereign and independent character" in forming the Southern union.
its structure destroyed, it dies, and, if not infected with bacteria,
its sway and scatters its last snows and storms with desperate fury. A
its upper part, applying a ligature at the upper and lower ends of the
its virulence, and is found in such widely different conditions as skin
its way into the vein and so does not escape into the tissues. Even if a
its way through it, and often spreads widely between it and the
itself athwart British law. It made a rule to bind American citizens and
itself he appeared in his place at the given moment and, uniting the
itself, and at every moment of this continuous, uninterrupted
itself--_delayed tetanus_. Usually, however, the wound is inflamed and
jacket and on a French cavalry saddle, with a merry, and tipsy face.
jacket, she attended to her household affairs, and then she drove out:
jacks," and smelter workers. One common bond united them--a passion for
jealousies, and turbulence of the people at times almost stagger my
jennies of Manchester and the docks of Yokohama.
jerky steps to the front of the regiment and examined it from a
jewels, and collected from door to door. Farmers took worthless paper in
joined Orlov-Denisov. Excited and vexed by the failure and supposing
joined him in Moscow and was being taken along with him, having been
joined his regiment and was soon taken as orderly by a general
joined in a conversation which interested him and, regardless of
joining battle, turned to the right and reached Malo-Yaroslavets,
joint are withdrawn, the iodoform is injected; and this may require to
joint becomes enormously swollen, loses its normal contour, and the ends
joint becomes swollen, red, and glistening, with engorgement of the
joint is wobbly or flail-like from stretching and destruction of the
joint to joint; there is an absence of sweating and of cardiac
joint, filling up its pouches and recesses, and spreading over the
joint, its tendency to relapse, and its association with other
joint. If promptly treated by incision and drainage, recovery is rapid,
joint. In the early stage the swelling is elastic, doughy, and
joints and lining of tendon sheaths and bursae: they tend to become
joints and tendon sheaths, and is liable to the same forms of disease.
joints, or over the ribs and sternum, usually results from the bursting
joints. Even division of both the ulnar and the median nerves above the
joints. Limitation of movement and locking at the hip-joint when due to
joke he had heard in Vienna and which he had been trying all that
joking! In three days to forget everything and so..."
jostle and tease some British regulars stationed in the town. Things
jostle, overtake one another, and fight, and it would be equally
journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after such reconsideration
journey he found himself in the open world and saw hundreds of new
journey he, as it were, considered his life afresh and arrived at
journeys and occupations, the war, and so on. The preoccupation and
journeys, of perils by sea and among the heathen, philosophic arguments,
journeys. Funds were raised and secret agents sent into the South to
joy. Princess Mary, in her position as absolute and independent
joyful and solemn was aroused among the soldiers of the convoy and the
joyful delight and brotherly love, wagged their heads in token of
joyfully at the baby when the nurse brought it to him and nodded
joyfully, when warm steady rain began to fall on the dry and thirsty
joylessly passing the best years of her life in fear and constant
joys and sorrows. You are fortunate, for the latter are generally
joys of his life; and the burning of an arm with a ruler as a proof of
judge all these affairs and felt that only in the regiment would
judge of farming and an end in himself. At first he watched the serfs,
judging by Anna Mikhaylovna's air of assurance and haste, Pierre
judging others, and suddenly, at the sound of the service, she felt
judgment and masterly arguments was at last able to marshal a majority
judgment of what was good and bad. Only when he had understood the
judgment, and punishment, according to law.
judgments of European writers, winced under their satire and took
jugular vein after operations in the neck, and the wound must be opened
juice, and of potatoes bruised down in milk, may be given.
jumped up and rushed from the room as fast as her nimble little feet
junction of the muscular and tendinous portions. When rupture takes
junction, and the surfaces of the diaphysis and epiphysis are opposed to
junctions; the forehead low and vertical, and the parietal and frontal
juncture the governments of Argentina, Brazil, and Chile tendered their
jurisprudence and be essential for its purposes, but in its
jury; and such trial shall be held in the State where the said crimes
just above the origin of the coeliac artery and at the bifurcation.
just above their heads, terrible and low, a cannon ball whistled,
just as Nicholas turned to her she raised her head and met his look
just as a sailor is always surrounded by the same decks, masts, and
just as merrily and prettily as ever.
just as swiftly and cruelly from both sides, crushing human bodies,
just as usual. Despite their pale swollen faces and tattered uniforms,
just been cleared and which a dresser was washing down. Prince
just finish dealing, and then Ilyushka will come with his chorus."
just finished dressing for his ride, and wore a blue uniform,
just in the shape of a man, like an officer--comes in and sits down to
just of monarchs. Soldiers and citizens, of whatever nation you may
just such a chance way and attaching him to himself! What if he gave
just such gratefully religious ones, with offerings of icons and the
just then the adjutant had come in and interrupted him. The
just think of the fellow's audacity, lying, and obstinacy!"
justice and to other posts; but he always persistently refused
justice, all security and repose in the social order."
justifications of the events have no common sense and are all
justifications, and surmises concerning their collective activity.
justifying himself, and unable to understand Rostov's outburst, except
keep their homes intact and bring up their children, a device known as
keeping the appeal, the bulletin, and the other orders to take with
keeping them, and on arriving at Smolensk had looted provisions
keeping up discharge, and if the body is removed the sinus usually
kept away from everyone in the house and felt at ease only with her
kept extended; and by active movements--the patient flexing the limb at
kept in perfect order and readiness for him in his father's house;
kept pace with Rostov at a gliding gait and continued to impart his
kept two servants--a man and a girl. Turner had a considerable household, some half-dozen at the least. That is as much as I have been able to gather about the families. Now for the facts.
kerchief and her loose locks of gray hair.
keys and joined the peasants and had not appeared when Alpatych sent
kidney, uterus, and testicle. It contains striped muscle fibres, and is
kill and maim tens of thousands, and then have thanksgiving services
kill him, and either perish or put an end to the misery of all Europe-
killed and if I have a son, do not let him be taken away from you-
killed him, and other bullets killed many of his men. And his division
killed them so well and was so cunning and wise that when he
killed two of the cubs and the borzois three. The huntsmen assembled
killed, and by Barclay, who had gone away in dudgeon, had to be
killed, you are a fool and are lost for certain. But go with the
killing Napoleon and his calculations of the cabalistic number of
killing several citizens and committing robberies. A punitive expedition
kind look, and then we suddenly found ourselves in my bedroom where
kind of familiarity that grows up between a nurse and her mistress.
kind, that is the chief thing," thought Princess Mary; and fear, which
kind. In the winter of 1904 there broke out between Japan and Russia a
kindhearted, and because they--friends from childhood--had to think
kindle fires and make a noise to deceive us."
kindled in her face, lighting up both her sorrow and her joy.
kindly than skin cut with a smooth, sharp instrument; and persistent
kindly, jocular face of the general, he took him aside and in an
kinds were federated into city, state, and national associations and
king and Parliament was their heritage. They thereupon made "humble
king's council to meet on Mondays and Thursdays of each week to consider
king, by virtue of his inherent authority, claimed and exercised high
king, he retorts and asks me if I take him for an idiot." To the charge
kiss me," and he offered his cheek.
kissed Vera, Natasha, and Petya. Besides that, he sent greetings to
kissed everyone, the tutors and governesses made their bows, and
kissed her mother, Natasha got up and went to the door.
kissed her on the lips that wore a mustache and had a smell of burnt
kissed the icon as a child does with naively pouting lips, and again
kissed the old prince's cold and stiffened hand.
kissing, more outcries, and tears of joy. He could not distinguish
knapsack and flask, and swung his heavy person easily into the saddle.
knapsacks with flour and sunflower seeds. Just then Ferapontov
knaves than others" and his methods were colored by his belief. On the
knee," which is very common and is sometimes bilateral, and, less
knee-deep in snow) to somewhere else, and how so-and-so "routed" and
knee_ it frequently occurs in relation to the prepatellar bursa and to
knees, and then controlling herself with an evident effort lifted
knees. I went to a party last night, and there out of five ladies
knew German, translated what the German said to the captain and gave
knew and thought of this.
knew everything, and had an opinion about everything), but above all
knew he was talking about her and this afforded her pleasure. She even
knew that and knew that he was now even more experienced and
knew that his letter would be read by the Emperor, and therefore
knew this now. One had to wait and endure. He did not again go to
knew where and how much Eau de Cologne should be sprinkled. Napoleon's
knife or scissors and the wound purified with antiseptics of the
knife or sharp spoon. The base also should be excised, and any bone
knives and the munching of the lieutenant.
knock-knee and club-hand.
knoll, and their guns boomed incessantly along their line and sent
knot hurt Pierre and there were lines of pain on his face and a
knot, was crouched feet and all in the corner of her sofa, nervously
knouted, and his nostrils having been torn off, "all in due form" as
know Dmitri Sergeevich? Those are his quarters," and he pointed to the
know Him. You do not know Him and that is why you are unhappy."
know all about it and understand it all," he said. "You behaved as
know and discuss so minutely and acutely all the recent European
know his right place and took mistaken decisions; here was no Sonya
know it and are sufficiently Teutonic to carry it out successfully. The
know it is all over, and forever."
know the Emperor spoke to him most graciously. Annette and I were
know this and moved the troops forward according to his own ideas
know what is right and what is wrong. Men always did and always will
know what it is to be left a widow without means and with a son you
know what to do--perished of cold and hunger despite their captors'
know!" and the Frenchman with the spot on his cheek ran back to his
know, and know for certain, that the enjoyment of doing this good is
know, my dear, whether the will and letter were written, and whether
know," muttered the old man, and after looking Natasha over from
know. You fear and yet long to cross that line, and know that sooner
knowing what to say and he repeated it till Helene came up to them.
knowledge of them to rumors and newspaper stories, American resentment
knowledge of what was happening in home and foreign affairs.
knowledge, observation, and experience, but had he possessed all the
known as "lipping" of the articular margins, and also into other
known as Sons of Liberty and Daughters of Liberty: the former including
known as _farcy_, and follows infection through an abrasion of the skin,
known her four years before; and so he was taken aback when quite a
known in its entirety and life. The Trinity--the three elements of
known to give rise to metastases, they are, as a rule, innocent and are
known to the Imperial family as well as to all Moscow and
known to the Russians as the Knoll Battery or Raevski's Redoubt, and
knows the mental condition of him who committed the action, and
knows when? Armfeldt says our army is cut in half, and Paulucci says
kvas, gingerbread, and poppyseed sweets (of which Petya was
l'Empereur!" and one after another poured in a ceaseless stream out of
labelled as confidently and accurately as can be the cortical areas in
labor and capital and municipal administration, which the earlier
labor and released them. Doles of food and clothing had been regularly
labor and to win elections. Like the other parties they put forward
labor conditions should not be made unduly onerous by the war and
labor in bakeshops, and taxing corporations were in due time to be
labor in spinning and weaving it is recorded: "Immediately on being cut
labor into trade unions and federations is necessary, is beneficent, and
laborious contest of his own and he saw no urgent reason why he should
labors in war and in peace and wounded by harsh attacks from former
labouring men and sailors, and not infrequently follows an injury in the
lacerated and bruised tissues are contaminated with gross dirt. Often
lack of news, the loss of Kutuzov, and the death of Helene.
lacked, and without fuss or strain on his part this set things going.
lacking in self-confidence remains dumb on a first introduction and
lad with a broad rosy face and keen merry eyes, galloped up to Denisov
lad! This evening he listened to Pierre in a sort of trance, and
lad--especially dreadful because of its simplicity--and the faces of
laden. The beekeeper opens the lower part of the hive and peers in.
ladies and gentlemen than Rostov had ever expected to see him.
ladies and, leaning on his saber and beating time with his foot,
ladies in satin and ermine cautiously descended the carriage steps
laid open the route, making Franklin, Missouri, and later Fort
laid out their small farms, and worked as "sturdy yeomen on the soil,"
laid out. The fences and gates were new and solid; two fire pumps
laid siege to the door of Congress and were admitted to the union in
lair and its food. One part of it dispersed and waded knee-deep
laminated clot and erosion of bodies of vertebrae. The intervertebral
laminated clot. Near the blood-current the clot is soft, red, and
lanes were deserted. The air was full of smoke and the smell of
language and the traditions of England whence came the founders of
language and understand the government of our country. Congress was
language, to grasp the hidden meaning of their words, and felt akin to
language, very different in tone and meaning from the involved reasoning
languages and races, the differences in civilization all combined to
lantern of life and regarding them now in the cold white daylight of
lapsed, it was renewed and flourished in the eighteenth century.
large Venetian mirror in the wall, and in her trodden-down shoes
large and powerful minority. In North Carolina Breckinridge's majority
large blood vessels and nerves are exposed. A line of demarcation
large canteen fitted with silver plate, two Turkish pistols and a
large group was destroyed, as well as the old habits and traditions,
large monthly purchases of silver and for the issue of notes redeemable
large numbers annually to the Southern colonies and to Ireland, Spain,
large open forehead and a long face of unusual and peculiar whiteness,
large prizes out of the forfeitures and penalties.
large sums of gold and silver, loads of supplies, and a considerable
large table covered with books and plans, the tall glass-fronted
larger carnivora and the gorilla; evidence of it has also been found in
larger did that subject grow and the weaker and more inadequate did
larger joints. It may subside under rest and soothing applications, but
larger naevi, radium and solidified carbon dioxide ("CO_2 snow") may be
larger than a split pea. Its surface is at first smooth and shiny, but
largest circles formed round Count Rostopchin, Valuev, and
largest hall and to the big table. Not only was Pierre's attempt to
larks returned), and, forcing open a loosely closed latch, set the
last long? It's all the Club and his easygoing nature. Even in the
last medicine and one must wait and see, that the malady was chiefly
last night, and today. The Emperor sees with regret that the picked
last penny on drink, and a drunken man to smash mirrors or glasses for
last spring his wound reopened and the doctor said he ought to go away
last we have a man!" said he, glancing sternly and significantly round
last words of the statutes and these remained in his mind.
lasted a moment. She at once set to work afresh and they now trusted
lasted until sunset on Sunday. All work, all trading, all amusement, and
lata of the thigh, the characteristic signs are obscured and a
late become a frequent visitor of hers, and many brilliant ladies
late one night prepared for a journey and started for Moscow to see
late toward Mademoiselle Bourienne and could not bear to see her,
late, listening to the gypsies and other singers.
later date. Interference with growth is comparatively common, and may
later for conspiracy. During the twenties and thirties, local labor
later it may become severe, and is usually associated with intense
later regarded as a mere union of monarchs to prevent the rise and
later, and during the remainder of the pregnancy 2-grain mercury pills
later, give way, and fatal haemorrhage results.
later," he added, and summoned de Beausset, who by that time had
later. The meaning of this for the farmers in debt--and nearly
later; Louisiana, in 1898; North Carolina, in 1900; Alabama and
lateral mobility and grating may be elicited. Recovery does not take
latest cut, such as no one else yet had in Moscow, and boots of the
latest fashion, with extremely pointed toes and small silver spurs,
lather and the men to flush.
laugh, "when the steward, a man I know, ran out and asked me whether I
laugh, and this ringing, high pitched laughter from a statesman made a
laughed Prince Bolkonski, and Anatole laughed still louder. Suddenly
laughed at them as the "men milliners, the dilettanti, and carpet
laughed. Prince Andrew heard the nickname "Sila Andreevich" and the
laughing child quickly from his shoulder and pressed her to his heart.
laughing for some reason and shaking himself free.
laughing sarcastically, he demonstrated, and at last contemptuously
laughing, and then calmly and seriously sat back in his chair. Anna
laughter and whispers. Natasha, Nicholas, and Petya took off their
laughter, and only when several voices shouted at it did it dart to
law and thus became interested in the election of judges and lawmakers.
law they had resisted in a long and bitter congressional battle.
law-making through representatives in Parliament, and the idea was early
law. Representatives of the unions sought support from the Democrats and
lawful prize; any ship suspected of carrying it was liable to search and
lawfully build highways of a national and military value, but he
laws binding the colonies in all cases whatsoever; and that the
laws of astronomy destroyed religion, and he utilized the law of
laws of the states; and "those sovereignties," far from possessing the
laws unenforced, the treasury empty, and the public credit gone, the
laws, and so, mingling with the townsmen, were drawn into the main
laws." As the Republicans had only forty-six of the ninety Senators, and
lay an open book. The book was the Gospel, and the white thing with
lay down his briefs and take up the sword. Anthony Wayne was a
lay down on the sofa, cleaning himself with his tongue and teeth.
lay down with his back to the fire, and immediately fell asleep. He
lay gazing at the sky on the field of Austerlitz and had later
lay round her inflamed and perspiring cheeks, her charming rosy
layer of slime that covered her soul and seemed to her impenetrable,
layer, the interior shows no trabecular structure, and some of the many
layer--the epidermis, and the corium or true skin. The _epidermis_ is
layers of the skin, from mucous membranes, and into the substance of
layers, caseation of the outer layers, and the further invasion of the
lazily and mechanically to sing: "Save from calamity Thy servants, O
lazy men in Jamestown who idled their time away and yet expected regular
le General Rameau would occupy Prince Andrew's study and amuse himself
le mot d'ordre..." cried Dolokhov suddenly flaring up and riding
lead the Old Guard into action. Ney and Berthier, standing near
lead, sugar, cordage, coal, and other commodities, until in each field
leader since the days of the Revolution, but in legislative halls and
leaders in civil and military affairs, with reference to local "war
leaders, strikes, a labor press, a labor political program, and a labor
leaders, with a crowd of vagrants, and with Peter the Hermit,
leadership of a silent, astute, and resourceful politician, Amos
leading to a greater number of perforations of the intestine and more
leading to thrombosis which first occludes the artery and then extends
leading, in the breast, to retraction of the nipple and overlying skin,
league of nations to guarantee peace and establish justice among the
leaned back his big head with its broad temples and close-cropped
leaning back and shouting something. Rostov saw nothing but the
leaning over him his nurse sang him to sleep and he, burying his
leaps and bounds.
learned of her brother's wound only from the Gazette and having no
learned to respect both the talents and the simple character of the
learning and even the patriotic feeling shown by Denisov, but despised
learning from them their methods, their manner of speech, and their
learning the power of cooperation and union.
learning: that is, with books and lectures and with taking notes
least attention to her severe remark--and began to laugh. She laughed,
least fatigue, and though he could not read he had never forgotten a
least, could lay aside the petition for the ballot and enjoy with the
least; it never entered my head and I wouldn't do that for their good!
leather, tar, and ship timber. From the harbors along the Connecticut
leaving her he stood breathing deeply and watching the other dancers.
leaving his comrades in distress, is set down to his credit, and again
leaving the northern and eastern sections in the status of a territory.
leaving their seats, went up to "congratulate" the countess, and
led first to remonstrances and finally to repeated claims for damages
led in the pioneer movement; but through large sections of Tennessee and
led somewhere still blindfold, and as they went along he was told
left all her clothes in Petersburg and that heaven knew what she would
left bank of the Danube and took up a position for the first time with
left breast, and stooping down pulled up the left leg of his
left flank during the night and attack the French right flank the
left him; but whether he was still alive, whether he was strong and
left in ignorance of what was happening, and that had he known it
left in town. Julie had gone, and so had Princess Mary. Of his
left of the highroad (from Moscow to Smolensk) and almost at a right
left off crying and were able to go to him with calm faces.
left side of the road, and without recognizing it he looked with
left the hut. The panes were rattling in the little windows and his
left the room. Pierre looked at her timidly over his spectacles, and
left the wounded Bolkonski, and the doctor had to admit that he had
left thigh with its teeth and would not let go. I began to throttle it
left, and gone forward. Of Bolkonski, nothing was said, and only those
left, in the valleys and on the summits of the high ground, clouds
left..." he seemed to repeat to himself at each alternate step; and in
leg crossed over the other and stroking his left hand with the slender
leg, and remained three weeks at Peterhof, receiving Speranski every
leg; several soldiers fell, and a second lieutenant who was holding
legal decree to sweep away all its signs and badges, civil, social, and
legal fees, and [2] YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE OR
legal fees, and [2] YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE OR
legislation. It is a happy country where justice and what was your own
legislative and judicial precedent ... revolutionary in tendency and
legislative, and judicial. Strictly speaking we might say four branches,
legislature to get up a petition against it and thus bring about a
legislature, and sometimes defeated a lawyer or metropolitan 'business
legislature--one house elected by popular vote and an upper chamber
legislatures and city governments were accused of corruption.
legislatures and commissions must permit railway companies to earn a
legislatures and enabled to collect funds directly from citizens. There
legislatures and the courts of law. It was waged, in the main, by secret
legislatures of the states might determine, and the judges of the
legislatures, and private citizens, there was brought about the
legitimate peculiarity of each individual which used to excite and
legs and smiling contemptuously to himself.
legs and the old man at once began pulling off his boots. The other in
legs apart, before his brother Rhetor, and awaited his further
legs in lace-frilled drawers, and feet in low slippers--was just at
legs in their woolen stockings to the earthen floor and began
legs, and dead ones that have not been cleared away.
legs, and paced the room with her. There was an expression of carefree
leisurely manner: caps were again raised, and those who had run to
leisurely visiting, with our own horses and like a true country
length everything relating to form and procedure was discussed at
length of this passage to the stairs and, frowning and rubbing his
lengths--which found expression in the tones and looks more than in
lent argument with gentlemen who can twist steel pokers into knots. That and a tooth-brush are, I think, all that we need."
lesion, met with chiefly on the face and in the region of the external
lesions similar to those observed in man, and also containing the
less a prey to evil and death?--death which ends all and must come
less degree. Infection is liable to occur and to lead to wide
less deserving of sympathy and less the result of free will. The
less severe, and is referred to the parts that have been burned to a
less, and became weaker every day. Princess Mary hoped. She prayed for
lessens, and healing takes place by the formation of granulation
lesson of the Tarutino battle and of the day before it, which
let himself be taken in his arms, and Michael Ivanovich and
let his girls out of his sight and to get away as soon as Mademoiselle
let us not be confounded in our hope of Thy mercy, and give us a token
letter and spirit of the fourteenth as well as all other amendments.
letter each time with fresh pleasure and each time discovered in it
letter from Napoleon proposing peace and falsely dated from Moscow,
letter from Sonya freed him from the knot that fettered him and from
letter the old prince had replied affectionately, and from that time
letter, and Murat, humiliated and anxious to expiate his fault, had at
letter, but had specially inserted in the rescript to Saltykov and had
letters from Penza (they have enormous estates there), and she, poor
letters to Nicholas from all the household were written and copied
letters to their friends, newspaper articles, and every form of written
letting her and her parents feel that the childish relations between
leucocytes, and proliferation of connective-tissue cells. These
leucocytosis, and sweating, mark the transition between inflammation and
level ground like cliffs and slopes. Anywhere, on any side, one
level of the communication and accompanied by a continuous venous hum.
level of the surrounding skin, and so fill the gap with a fine velvety
leveling force of labor in forest and field soon made them one in spirit
liabilities, and to make matters worse there was a fall of prices
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
liable to develop anaphylaxis and the mechanism by which it is
liable to increase in size and finally to rupture, operative treatment
liable. The scar becomes more and more conspicuous, is elevated above
liberated, and that strange lightness did not again leave him.
liberation of iodine, which restrains the activity of the bacilli, and
liberty and equality. Have people since the Revolution become happier?
liberty not to believe me and I don't even care whether you do or not,
licenses to practice law and sell liquor, on college diplomas, playing
licking their lips and wiping them on the sleeves of their greatcoats.
lie down in my room and have a rest."
lie vertically along the upper part of the great saphenous vein, and
lied, and I told him he lied. And there it rests. He may keep me on
lies embedded in the axillary fascia and fat, and is often related to an
lies not in the conquerors, nor even in armies and battles, but in
life always played round his lips, and sympathy for others, shone in
life and I shall leave the children... in an excellent position."
life and adding to its graces--the flaw in American culture that gave
life and dignity as commander in chief."
life and thought of a writer or a reformer. We learn that Luther had a
life belonged to her and to the family. His wife's demands
life he led in the regiment and was able to find pleasure in that
life infringed the majesty and sacredness of the mystery that had been
life is unfavourable, and no satisfactory treatment of the disease has
life pursued its unbroken routine with its ordinary occupations, and
life though he loves death, for which--in spite of the purity and
life when, as you see, I am sitting on a barrel and working in a dirty
life without apparent cause, and it may be associated with multiple
life, all alone--for Papa is always busy, and I... well, you know what
life, and can't, for I know no other. But think, Andrew: for a young
life, and the exhaustive literature now available on every aspect of it
life, and what to expect after it beyond the grave! How happy and calm
life, are only efforts to increase freedom. Wealth and poverty, fame
life, it may be by their local effects, such as ulceration and
life, multitudinous and never-ending, form the very warp and woof of
life, the destiny of man, and the laws which govern the world. But who
life--we may allot Petersburg life, and especially the life of its
life. Mining, lumbering, and fruit growing, for instance, employed
lifeless and in spite of his evident wish to do so he could not give
lifted her up, hugged her, and, smiling through her tears, began
lifted it several times to his nose, and stopped in front of Balashev.
lifting her head triumphantly; sometimes she paused and uttered hoarse
ligament, and the name "Baker's cysts" has been applied to these.
ligaments, insertions of tendons and intermuscular septa giving rise to
ligated above and below the point of communication; although the risk of
ligature is usually sufficient to rupture the inner and middle coats,
light and beautiful as in reality, and even more so because it was
light and gay. She sat in an armchair in her dressing jacket and
light and water works plants, but to street railways in only a few
light enough to see a long way in the deserted street and it seemed
light he gazed now at the city and now at the plan, considering its
light in his eyes and restlessness in his movements, Prince Andrew
light of dawn and the dying campfires. Our columns ought to have begun
light sky hung the full moon. Forests and fields beyond the camp,
light touch and to intermediate degrees of heat and cold are enclosed
light-blue ribbons, and busily filled his neighbors' glasses, not
lighthearted and happy in these novel surroundings that she only
lighthearted, and self-satisfied.
lighting fires in kitchens and kneading and baking bread with
lightly and joyously, nearer and nearer to their goal. Suddenly the
lightly falling snow and toward evening it began to clear. Through the
lightly, and yet more lightly whirled the count, flying round Marya
lightning from the water, from the dew, and from the bayonets of the
lights and shouts in the enemy's camp. Rostov rode up to Bagration,
like a distorted corpse. He muttered unceasingly, his eyebrows and
like a hare surrounded by hounds who lays back her ears and
like a nightmare took possession of him, and all the unlucky accidents
like a physical wound and, strange as it may seem, just as a deep
like a vise round his son's neck, and without a word he began to sob
like himself. His horses and trap were sent home. Count Ilya Rostov,
like his father, coldly, maliciously, and unpleasantly.
like ivory, and the term _ivory exostosis_ is employed. When derived
like ourselves, were growing up and dying with no idea of God and
like seeing a horse or a bear on the floor among the furniture and
like sugar, and threw it up.
like that seen in scurvy, and there is a remarkable absence of any
like that, and do you know what saved me? Freemasonry! No, don't
like the cobwebs that float about in autumn and which Dessalles called
like to tell everything to Pierre. He is kind and generous. It would
like were simply the product of Napoleon's misdirected will, and
like you and don't wish you any harm and--as you are only half my age-
liked to tell him. He gathered up the papers and with a bow to both,
likes her way of reading. She reads to him in the evenings and reads
likewise agree that for talents, native and acquired, he was an ornament
likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two-thirds of that House,
limb and its companion vein, so that arterial blood may reach the
limb is placed at absolute rest, the elbow supported, and massage and
limb which affords best access, and which entails the least injury of
limb, and there are often, especially during the night, exacerbations in
limb, between the middle of the thigh and the middle of the calf, the
limb, but is often worse at night. Swelling occurs late, and is due to
limb, with the pad over the main artery, and the ends knotted on the
limb. The age and occupation of the patient must also be taken into
limb. There is often oedema of the leg and foot, especially when the limb
limbs, headache and delirium, and the condition proves fatal in from
limbs, rapidly followed by paralysis and arrest of the circulation.
lime trees fell on the snow and on the path. This path led to the
limit to the factories, forges, refineries, and railways that could be
limitations and trespass upon the rights of citizens, Marshall argued,
limited and material something that he, and even she, was. This
limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their
limits of the infected area, and stringent precautions must be taken to
limits of time, and where it is not one will that manipulates lifeless
limits, and the child is often observed to twist its limbs into abnormal
line can be drawn between these processes, and the two may go on
line from the Missouri River to California and made grants of land and
line in couples and he himself rode along the line trying to master
line of demarcation to form and allowing the dead part to be separated.
line of march, and advised him to move to Moscow.
line. One was on a white horse. Prince Bagration and Prince Dolgorukov
line; and the Austrian troops. But they all stood in the same lines,
lines. He wanted no empty cars running in either direction and no wheat
lines: the cavalry in front, behind it the artillery, and behind
lining and drew them tight again; another, rubbing some dry clay
lining membrane. While friction and pressure are the most evident
link which other people recognized had grown up between himself and
lion, and the deep characteristically noble wrinkles of his
lip had sunk in, and her eyes were dim.
lip, and his whole face expressed impetuosity and enthusiasm. Nicholas
lipping and other hypertrophic changes in the ends of the bones are
lips and a frown on his brow), "to consult with him to act, and to aid
lips and swayed from side to side.
lips and you want to go into the army! There, there, I tell you,"
lips twitching, and it was impossible to tell whether he understood
liquefaction. These tumours grow slowly and painlessly, and may surround
liquefy. The gumma does harm by displacing and replacing the normal
list (Pierre was sixth), and were led to the post. Several drums
list, and not to admit anyone who was not on that list? Then why was
listen to what was being said there, and again when he passed to
listen, and they handed her a fur cloak. She threw this over her
listened and made out the word. It was "drink, drink, a drink!" Rostov
listened intently to the ebb and flow of these sounds.
listened to excuses and self-justifications (Ermolov did not come to
listened to herself and pondered. She was in a mood for brooding on
listened to, and he looked only at the person with whom he was
listless tired expressions, and feet that moved through the sticky mud
listless, and complains of extreme thirst. The temperature is usually
listless; she wept secretly at night and did not go to her mother in
lit up Karataev's face as he told it, and the mystic significance of
lit up the whole of her thin, sickly face and made it beautiful. Her
literature, art, and science. In time these women's organizations of all
little aside and to send something to my father," he went on, emitting
little avail, and in any case should be followed up by exposure to
little better than that of slaves. Loose indentures and harsh laws put
little discomfort, and may even be ignorant of the existence of the
little dust from the sleeve of his uniform, and going up to a mirror
little finger, the ulnar half of the ring finger, and that part of the
little inconvenience and may be left alone. If interfered with at all,
little man in the gray overcoat got up and, having summoned
little princess had been crying after dinner and had spoken of her
little princess, and having asked for a needle began tracing the Conde
little suffering. The usual complaint is of a sense of weight and
little three-month-old creature when he lay at her breast and she
little, coughed, and was always low-spirited. The doctors said that
live, we must love, and we must believe that we live not only today on
lived in animals, and will go back into animals again."
lived in this world and never known anything so disgraceful!"
livelihood mounted into the millions and industries spread across the
liver and kidneys, and softening and enlargement of the spleen. Bardeen
liver, spleen, lung, and other organs, and in the nasal secretion, and,
livery, get up behind the carriage, and come with me while I make some
lives and property in the revolutionary area, and similar matters kept
lives! He cannot... because... because... of" and Natasha burst into
lives. American property was destroyed and land owned by Americans was
livid colour, is gradually thinned out, and finally sloughs, forming a
living. The first death I saw, and one I shall never forget--that of
loaded gun and awaited the inevitable explosion. Until the doctor's
loaded sleighs and drove right over two of them. Eh?"
loaded, and did their business with strained smartness. They gave
loaded, and troops and baggage trains started.
loan had four and a half million subscribers; the fourth more than
lobulated, and projects beyond the level of its surroundings. Sometimes
local complication, and results from a mixed infection with other
local leucocytosis, proliferation of fibroblasts, and the formation of
local markets, and they sprang up to meet the need. Smiths, hatters,
local phenomena persist, the joint remaining permanently swollen and
local problems and in the formation of political opinion, so much of
localised inflammatory and suppurative conditions. It varies greatly in
locality was known and shown in every detail on the maps, and
location--the vertebrae, skull, pelvis, and lower jaw being specially
lodge in the mucous membrane and cause tuberculous ulceration, or they
lodging in the capillaries of joints, bones, kidney, or lungs, and there
lodgment and growth of tubercle bacilli. The injury or disease, however,
lofty sky with clouds that had risen and were floating still higher,
long ago have asked her what to do and have done whatever she told me,
long and bitter struggle for home rule in Ireland, would have regarded
long and impassioned proclamation to the people of South Carolina he
long and so patiently?" thought she, looking at Sonya, who also came
long and suddenly awoke with a start and in a cold perspiration.
long and tortuous sinuses is often hastened by the injection of Beck's
long and warmly to the Emperor and how the Emperor, evidently weeping,
long and which had always opened so quietly, burst noisily open and
long as there is no excess of floating dust. All sweeping, dusting, and
long been a member of the House of Representatives and was Senator-elect
long been the paradise of the swarthy hunter and the restless
long bone, gummatous disease may implicate the adjacent joint and give
long conversation but think it necessary to move about and talk, in
long fretted to utter that word, and letting the borzois slip he
long lashes, thick black plaits coiling twice round her head, and a
long list of regular civil employees, and begun his administration with
long neck. That officer did not take his eyes from Dolokhov and
long oversea voyages were uncertain at best and doubly so when the
long series beginning in 1804--and our marines were landed to restore
long since gained him the reputation of being a wizard, and that the
long talk with his father about something, and Princess Mary noticed
long thin neck swelled like a cord and went blue behind the ear, and
long thin neck, and his head, that had been half shaved, was again
long time motionless with closed eyes. Then he opened them and
long vision, seeing in conservation and permanent improvements the
long, and Pierre, from joy, agitation, and embarrassment, was not in a
long-drawn shout and rapid musketry firing could still be heard. A few
long-expected campaign and of rapture and devotion to the man in the
long-extinguished light once more kindled in her eyes and her lips
longed-for moment of meeting arrives. Not daring to look round and
longed. Sonya now was sixteen and she was very pretty, especially at
longer and broader than that on the distal side. In small arteries these
longer and was no longer alien to him, but he himself having entered
longer and went on, between gasps of laughter: "And the whole world
longer discrete and movable; they are firm in consistence, and on
longer in the house she so loved and where she had sacrificed so much.
longer trying to show the advantages of peace and discuss its
longing to caress him and lie down too. And he said, "Tell me
longitudinally through the ring finger and continued upwards.
look at the boy they are in love with and have just kissed for the
look at the cannon ran back again. At last four men in uniforms and
look at the killed and wounded, thereby, he considered, testing his
look at the map and listen." Langeron lifted his eyes with an
look for him in the town and was returning to the inn. The groom
look of sincere penitence, and Prince Andrew glanced so meekly now
look or bad opinion from him," Rostov decided; and sorrowfully and
look, and after a short pause he added: "And I behaved badly today.
look. Nicholas went up to her and kissed her hand. This was the
look. Sonya and Madame Schoss, who had not yet undressed, went out
looked as he always did when at the front, solemn and stern. Then came
looked at Dolokhov and his eyes dropped, the something terrible and
looked at Pierre with surprise. Besides his height and stoutness,
looked at one another, and all pressed toward the exit from the
looked at one another, and that look saved Pierre. Apart from
looked at the concealed depression on the faces around him and heard
looked attentively at the carts in the yard and while going up to
looked in a mirror, and standing before Dolokhov in the same pose he
looked round more frequently toward her, and broke off in what he
looked sternly and reproachfully at the count who had presented it
looked up at her. All their former disharmony and her own jealousy
looked upon Brown as a martyr and tolled funeral bells on the day of his
looked upon revolution and republics with undisguised horror.
looking at Pierre's fine though dirty linen and at the ring on his
looking at her and waiting. Nicholas saw that Denisov was refusing
looking at the Armenian family and at two French soldiers who had gone
looking at the Russian soldiers with red and vacant eyes. Occasionally
looking at the cathedral and crossing himself. Another, a young lad, a
looking back at the place where the shot had been fired and the dog
looking not at Pierre but straight before him, and turning the
looking serenely and steadily at Rostov, seemed to be veiled by
looking up at him, flushed and evidently trying to master her rapid
looking, pressed two fingers together and the badge was between
looks and words at times seemed to confirm this supposition--then
looks of an important French official in a carriage and pair driven by
looks of the soldiers who, marching in regular ranks briskly and
looks that the news was bad, rose as if to stretch his legs and,
loose and, unless confined in a recess of the joint, it wanders about
looting, and to reassure the inhabitants. But Pierre did not know
lose touch with it, and looked around bewildered and unable to grasp
lose, and therefore should not exchange. When my opponent has
loses its vitality and crumbles away, leading to the formation of what
losing him. She recalled all her life with him and in every word and
loss of several other provinces. Austria-Hungary was dissolved and
loss, the concentration of fighting at one point, and the hesitation
lost and will come back in a rage. Will you have coffee?"
lost, but it is only then that what is new and good begins. While
lost. Admitting the view of Barclay and others that a defensive battle
loud and prolonged as the protective tariff and homestead planks were
loud and solemn voice to recite the words of the prayer...
loud that those in the drawing room heard her and were startled.
loudly and, catching her breath more and more quickly, began to sob.
loudly of the field marshal's great weakness and failing health.
loudly, and bluntly as ever, and her whole bearing seemed a reproach
love and befriend him."
love and forgiveness of injuries--and that men attribute the
love and honor him--yet he set off to join his army, and at every
love and tenderness for her, stronger and more vivid than ever,
love did not seem to him senseless, he understood and was not
love for Sonya and of his firm resolve to marry her. The countess, who
love from men I don't know and never shall know, for the love of these
love from the time Nicholas returned, and the faithful, unalterable
love of the free life and bold companionship that once tempted men into
love of this girl had a gladdening effect on him. Petya and Natasha
love with her and carry her off; and here at last was a Russian
love you all and have done no harm to anyone; why must I suffer so?
love, and forgot where she was going and with whom. Having fallen into
love, and was still as ready to throw herself into all the pleasures
love: he felt himself powerless, limp, and formless. His father
loved and hated, held him in their power.
loved and lived affectionately with everything life brought him in
loved by them, it is not my fault that I want it and want nothing
loved her--and that is why there are, and always will be,
loved him and respected him, and sympathize with you with all my
loved him, and little Nicholas did love his uncle, but loved him
loved your father... and she will make you a good wife... God bless
loved.) "I... but no, I will talk to you later on," and with a strange
loves America will act and speak in the true spirit of neutrality which
loving and honoring him. "Why, I have not yet had time to settle
loving her; in deceiving yourself and her." And he vividly recalled
loving one another; none of them capable of injuring another--and so
loving tears for his fellow men, for himself, and for his own and
low wages and live in places unfit for human beings, have no stake in
low--3000 or 4000--and this condition is known as _leucopenia_. It
lower extremity, and may occur before there are any definite nerve
lower on the best maroon dress, and so on, all would be well. They
lower part of the trapezius, the branches from the third and fourth
lower ranges and rising to sixty-three per cent of that part of any
lowering his eyes, and he was going out, but became aware of an
lowering his voice. "She is living in Moscow and you are here.
loyal and that compromise would be promoted by inaction rather than by a
loyalty, and that he was ready to... While dressing, Petya had
luck! Such ill luck. As soon as you left, it began and went on.
lucrative business of producing ship materials: fir, cedar, hemp, and
lumbago and gluteal fibrosis coexist. Once a patient has suffered from
lumbago, it is liable to recur, and an attack may be determined by
luminous, Rontgen, or radium rays, and possesses the advantage of being
lunching with him and Boris.
lung is not specially involved, and the condition is an indication of a
lungs, as well as in other bones and joints than those primarily
lungs, liver, skin, heart, nerves, and so on mentioned in medical
lungs, serous membranes, and bone marrow.
lupus--_lupus vulgaris_--usually commences in childhood or youth, and is
luxurious study and sat down to the dinner prepared for him. Bilibin
luxury and magnificence of Napoleon's court.
lying beside his plate, and proposed a toast, "To the health of the
lymph from the deep lymphatics of the lower limb, and some of the
lymph passes on to the deep inguinal and external iliac glands. The
lymphangitis during which the swelling becomes painful and tender. These
lymphatics become indurated and nodular, constituting what veterinarians
lymphatics of the limb, it becomes swollen and hard--a condition
lymphatics, and unless originating in lymphatic structures--for example,
lymphocytes and other mononuclear cells which have migrated from the
lymphoid and epithelioid cells appearing in the mucous membrane. These
macerated, and bullae, containing dark-coloured fluid or gases, form
machinery against necessary risks from fire and storm, they allowed
machinery of government and the practice of politics. The enfranchised
machinery of government, and to introduce collective or public ownership
made a hopeless movement with his arm and went away.
made a sign to someone, and the torturing pain in his abdomen caused
made a sign with it to the marshals, and ordered the action to
made a slip and spoke French should pay fines to the Committee of
made and a light moist dressing placed over the wounds to absorb the
made and fund-raising will begin in the additional states.
made and fund-raising will begin in the additional states.
made at Krasnoe and the Berezina, and informed him of his intentions
made by generals who did not go to their proper places, and after
made by the Northwestern states in the decade between 1870 and 1880.
made by the rich and of course for the rich." Here and there an
made constitutions and unmade them again, but the salons of Anna
made him sit down, and smiled affectionately.
made his way by night around through the forest and across the Dnieper
made in pursuance thereof and all treaties made, or which shall be made,
made it up myself.' They threatened and questioned him, but he stuck
made the nations happy or unhappy. Suddenly the diplomatists and
made the serfs and gentry join in one large circle: a ring, a
made to cover the raw surface and the skin for about a quarter of an
made truly progressive like the study of mathematics, science, and
made up his mind to speak openly; and to him he told all that was in
made use of him and amused himself at his expense without letting
made where the pus threatens to point, and a Klapp's suction bell be
made. An incision is made down to and through the periosteum, and
magically colored and outlined everything. The smoke of the guns
magician of steam and steel who collected under his roof an army of free
magnanimity and justice, both to Tutolmin and to Yakovlev (whose chief
magnanimity to foes! Take no prisoners, but kill and be killed! He who
magnanimous and truly great. But no, it can't be true that I am in
magnates, whom Pierre knew, sat and turned to look first at one and
magnificent, peaceful, and glorious fatherland, I should have
magnitude in industry, transport, and finance, overturning as it did the
maid was sitting on a trunk, and, having undone her pale-colored
maid, a cook, two old women, a little pageboy, the coachman, and
maids, Tikhon, and a young footman and courier her aunt had sent to
maids, but when that was done and what was left had still to be
maids, had given orders to harness and intended to start, but when the
maidservant ran into the hall and hurriedly said something, mentioning
main lymph vessels of the part (_septic lymphangitis_) and may reach the
main object is to exclude or to eliminate the bacterial factor, and so
mainly composed of old men whose political views were those of Clay and
mainly of dentine with a partial covering of enamel and cement.
mainspring of his life, on which everything depended and which made
maintained that their party, which had saved the union and emancipated
maintaining gold and silver coins on a level which would permit them to
major was pacing up and down the line, and regardless of the screams
majority in only two states, South Carolina and Mississippi. In
majority in the Senate during his first administration; and at the same
majority of members were stingy and irregular. He supported almost
majority of the patriots whose labors and sacrifices had made this
make her love for him still stronger and added a touch of passionate
make his bow and leave, and only listened because he could not help
make reasonable terms for labor in employment, and to furnish vocational
make room, and looked round with a smile. She was, as always at
make something touching and solemn out of this address to his
make the Cossacks budge when once they had got booty and prisoners.
make things no worse, and it is absolutely necessary to prepare him if
makes it evident that a drowning man is less free and more subject
making a mesalliance by marrying you," and Bilibin smoothed out his
making himself one with his family and entering into all the details
making rectal and vaginal examinations.
making the flames hiss and crackle. The men drew nearer and lit
male (Fig. 168), and Caird has observed one in the hip. The treatment
male citizens and males not enemy aliens who had declared their
male industrial workers and the mechanics of the Northern cities, at
malevolent and caustic expression softened, as if admitting that
malformations of the human body by manual operations, mediate and
malignancy, according to their situation and to the age of the patient,
malignant tendencies and tend to undergo ossification concurrently with
malingerers and hysterical subjects.
malleolus, and subjecting them to forcible stretching, has been employed
mammas burdened by marriageable daughters, and of the young ladies
man acts in time and himself takes part in what occurs.
man and a woman of which she had known several instances.
man and not in the habit of running, trotted awkwardly stumbling on
man and not to the Deity.
man and, with his plain face, to be looked on as a sort of Paris
man as the man who goes upon the board of trade and bets upon the price
man could be useful, and without any premeditation Prince Vasili
man he caught a momentary glimpse between their heads and backs of the
man is controlled, and the more correctly we perceive the
man is here and his son's expected any day. You'll have to make his
man lay on his back, his huge arms and legs outstretched. His face was
man of importance who had grown old in society and at court. He went
man of lofty and noble soul, able to understand her position and her
man she had then chosen (she was firmly convinced she had done so) and
man wearing a strange shako and a blue cloak, swarthy, sunburned,
man well fitted by experience and moderation for leadership, a graduate
man when covered by his pistol, and then he felt with surprise that of
man who had succeeded to the post when Dron died and who was accused
man with a long face and nose, as he entered the room.
man with plumes in his hat and black hair curling down to his
man would have rescued her from the fire. But this is a monster and
man's power to foresee everything and avert the general course of
man's relation to the external world and the greater or lesser
man's room, grew silent and gazed with eyes full of curiosity or
man's soul. And without considering the multiplicity and complexity of
man's subjection to the Deity and in a predetermined aim toward
man's voice in Countess Bezukhova's box and something told her it
man, Captain Brozin, who happened to turn up and who was not at all to
man, and who was one of the disinterested friends so
man, scrutinizing Anatole closely and intently.
man, wage worker, farmer, and small business man, was better off than
man, why should I suppose it breaks off at me and does not go
man," and advocating freedom for the territories, failed to carry a
man--the wisest and best of men--who was saying it of her. "There is
man.... Here he is, and the count has not once asked for him."
man? Just see how these nestlings are growing up," and she pointed
mange and starvation."
manhood suffrage in 1809; and nine years later, Connecticut, equally
manhood, and all about his relations and his financial and family
manifest itself a few days after infection, and the virus of syphilis,
manifestations and before the appearance of tertiary lesions, the
manifestations of the tertiary period are the arsenical preparations and
manifestations, especially when efficiently treated, and may enjoy an
manifests itself between the ages of thirty and fifty--that is, when the
manifests itself, and the same changes as occur in the formation of an
manipulations, exercises, and the use of special forms of
mankind and of the free and independent states of America." As more than
manner, and Kutuzov with the same expression on his face again
manner, asking me with a mild smile what I had learned and gained in
manors were so large and populous that each was entitled to send a
manufacture indispensable to safety in war time, and shortly afterward
manufacture, advertising, and selling. It studied the cheapest methods
manufacturers whose spinning and weaving mills were the wonder of the
manufactures cheaply in Europe and pay for them in cotton, tobacco, and
manufacturing states have reduced the planting states and that which
manufacturing, financial, and commercial groups of the population who
manuscripts were kept, and took out what had once been one of the most
many blemishes and defects, a guarantee for the future of the people's
many curious onlookers who, jesting and laughing, stared at their
many great rewards would have to be given for tomorrow's action, and
many men. (Poniatowski's action against Utitsa, and Uvarov's on the
many mercies regard not our transgressions and iniquities! Create in
many of the futile and costly wastes of competition in connection with
many of the tumours become detached and lie in the serous exudate
many other pleasures and interests before him! "Yes, they have taken a
many sacrifices were being made for her sake, and to know that she had
many such and they remained silent, while the majority were interested
map of Europe!" he declared, his face pale and distorted by anger, and
mapped this almost unknown region; of how he carried law, order, and
march past," continued the general, "and it seems the ambassador
march there and there," and so on; and on paper, all these columns
march, and at last, on the first of September when the army drew
marched slowly and steadily without hurry. At daybreak, however, those
marched, followed only by their escort and the vehicles and wagons
marches with the marshal's baggage and the French army, which occupied
margins are rounded in outline, firm, and congested; the base is
marine when Britain swept that from the seas, and supplying Britain with
mariners, the employees of railroads, expresses, and steamboats; of
marked in the tongue, the lips, and the hands. The patient imagines that
marked on rising from the stooping or sitting posture, and may extend
marked pallor and progressive failure of strength, which, of itself,
marked, the cough more severe, and the patient restless. The difficulty
marked. The membership reached 1,650,000 in 1904 and more than 3,000,000
marked; the latter, having few industries and producing little save raw
market for the produce of farms and plantations; by making the United
markets of great cities at the doors of Southern fruit and vegetable
markets where they paid off debts due money lenders and acquired
marquise. The conflict of magnanimity between the mother and the
marriage and love her, or would do without his consent; then he
marriage today. It is the reason why the life and activity of people
marriages absolutely and forever. Horace Greeley, who visited Utah in
married and unmarried, liked him because without making love to any of
married... One must forget and understand..." And going to his bed
marrow and erode the trabeculae of bone in the vicinity (Fig. 124). The
marrow and spongy bone first disappear, the compact tissue then becomes
marry Bourienne--had evidently pleased him, and latterly he had
marry Marie for love? Plain and awkward! They'll take her for her
marry him. But he failed to do so and felt awkward about entering on
marrying her because you must, and that wouldn't do at all."
marshal grows impatient and sets to work himself and finds letters
marshals and an escort, on the pretext of inspecting the army and
marshals, their deputies, and supervisors of elections still possessed
martial swagger in their clothes, and a touch of the gaiety and spirit
marvelous institutions of all time, comparable in wealth and power and
mass and its relationship to the femur. The treatment consists in
mass and some unknown x.
mass of the European peoples from west to east and afterwards from
massage, and from the induction of hyperaemia by means of heat. Cupping
massage, douching, and electricity. If there is drop-wrist, the hand and
masses of troops were bearing down on them from behind, and an
masses, which may attain a considerable size, and in course of time may
master and mistress and looked after in his old age, is better off than
master and workmen, which existed in the days of small industries. For
master of foreign languages, a gentleman of dignity and grace of manner,
master the secrets and the powers of nature were summoned to the aid of
master. "Can it be? My treasure!" and Prokofy, trembling with
master. The masters, both the old prince and the young, and the
masters of no trade and wholly inexperienced in the arts of self-help
masters promptly pretended to be astonished and awe-struck, opened his
material after drying up becomes cornified, and as fresh material is
material into the water, and approaches the tete-de-pont. At length
materially affected and unless the practice be modified must ultimately
materials and looking like something between a cart, a cabriolet,
materials. They likewise expected to receive recognition and open aid
matic its methods, that there is hardly a case upon record where any man succeeded in braving it with impunity, or in which any of its outrages were traced home to the perpetrators. For some years the organisation flourished in spite of the efforts of the United States government and of the better classes of the community in the South. Eventually, in the year 1869, the movement rather suddenly collapsed, although there have been sporadic outbreaks of the same sort since that date.'
matter and quite the thing for a dashing young hussar!
matter in a wound by means of the materials used for ligatures and
matter plainly and simply, and we will not abandon that right.
matter to me? I love him alone, him, him, with that face and those
matter, and to that I reply: 'You are my best friend, as you know, but
matter--are sulphur, mercury, and salt. Sulphur is of an oily and
matters in order to stifle thoughts that were too oppressive and too
matters that interested no one and to which she herself was
matters were left to the states, and the legislatures of some of them,
mature and culminate, to lift him out of that spellbound, petty sphere
maturity, they enter upon the phase of decadence or involution, and this
maximum charges which companies could make for carrying freight and
maximum rates to be charged by common carriers, and in other cases
may appear in childhood, and form a smooth unyielding tumour, often of
may be a wound or a purulent blister, and the streptococcus pyogenes is
may be attended with extensive necrosis, and lead to disorganisation of
may be continuous or intermittent, and there is tenderness on pressure.
may be covered with canvass, and if it is the choice of the people, they
may be dense and elastic like normal cartilage, or may present areas of
may be detached from its insertion and stitched to the distal end of the
may be made of tickling and of pins-and-needles over the lateral aspect
may be revealed by the presence of egg-shell crackling, and by
may be separated and displaced.
may be so compressed that congestion and oedema of the parts beyond are
may be the seat of tuberculous disease, and give rise to clinical
may be tried. Exposure to the X-rays and to radium has been more
may be withdrawn by a needle and syringe. Detoxicated vaccines should be
may be, vomiting; the strength of the pulse gradually increases, and
may become adherent, which leads to impaired movement and stiffness. If
may become involved in the cicatrix, and it may be necessary, on account
may become sclerosed and in time form a sequestrum. In the macerated
may benefit. After dinner I fell asleep and as I was drowsing off I
may complain of numbness and tingling in the distribution of the
may form in the soft parts and in the adjacent joint. In the vertebral
may give way and the body become free. In this condition it may wander
may increase in size and become extremely sensitive; the pain is then
may intervene between the original attack of osteomyelitis and the onset
may lodge in distant parts, and give rise to secondary foci of
may occur during a paroxysm from fixation of the diaphragm and arrest of
may seem logical and convincing.
may subside under rest and elevation of the limb and the application of
may take place and lead to abscess formation and sinuses. We have
may, always remain the same backs and foreheads."
mayor and council of New York forbade them to sell by retail and on
mayor of the city was attacked; and regular battles were fought in the
me after the review and we will do what is possible."
me and around... Another instant and I shall never again see the
me and my relations with Father. I want nothing from him. I have
me and of Uncle Pierre. Whatever he may tell me, I will do it.
me and the whole family wretched," wrote the countess.
me down as a stone and raise me up as a loaf!" and every morning on
me my whole past and the future path I should follow. He surprised
me part of his dress, presumably his overcoat, in his flight, and must have had the hardihood to return and to carry it away at the instant when the son was kneeling with his back turned not a dozen paces off. What a tissue of mysteries and improbabilities the whole thing was! I did not wonder at Lestrade's opinion, and yet I had so much faith in Sherlock Holmes' insight that I could not lose hope as long as every fresh fact seemed to strengthen his conviction of young McCarthy's innocence.
me to burn the bridge! I know the service, and it is my habit orders
me what forces are being collected against him! While you and I
me, directly the war is over, if I am still alive and still loved by
me, your old father..." he paused unexpectedly, and then in a
me," she said, trying to smile, but her tears still flowed and sobs
me," thought Natasha--"is it possible that I am now to be the wife and
me...." She spoke rapidly and did not notice how Pierre flushed at her
meadow nor the Demkin hill, and heaven only knows what it is! It is
meadow, dragging his feet, rustling the grass, and gazing at the
meadows. Only at night and in the forests while the dew lasted was
meager. The natural resources, coal and water power, were abundant; but
mean did his hero himself with his paltry vanity and joy in victory
mean to go away and begged to be left in peace.
meaning of the Great Square of creation and pointed out to me that the
meaningless, at any rate Rostopchin made no reply and hastily left
means of satisfying your needs. Craftsmen and industrious artisans,
means of splints or other apparatus. Active movements and exercises of
meant for us. The field marshal looks on and waits for letters
meant fresh movements of the army and a lengthening of its marches,
meant more farms and more wealth. Workmen in Eastern factories, mines,
meant that American ships were forced to "come to," and compelled to
measure created two territories, Kansas and Nebraska, and provided that
measured, monotonous pacing. Behind the guns were their limbers and
measures are employed for the relief of shock, and urgent operations are
measures are proximal ligation of the innominate, and distal ligation.
measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient; he may, on
measures calculated to favor agriculture and to enlarge the rights of
measures directed towards overcoming the sepsis in the soft parts, and
measures fail, and the whole track of the sinus is accessible, it should
measures of defense against the French, and to enter into "articles of
measures to counteract the accompanying toxaemia, and when the loss of
mechanical production gave employment to 1,100,000 men and 285,000
mechanically he began reading. The old prince, now and then using
mechanically, and then paused. What more could she write after all
mechanics and farmers of the North who stuck by Jacksonian Democracy
mechanics,--labor reformers, and political leaders, like Stephen A.
medial part of the thigh, which becomes smaller and harder when the
mediastinal, bronchial, retro-peritoneal, and mesenteric glands, and has
medicine would cure her and that it was all nonsense. And it was
meditative concentration and thoughtfulness, and the way he spoke
meditatively and rapidly:
medulla and cause paraplegia.
medullary canal through a special foramen in the cortex, bifurcates, and
meet again, and only much later did Pierre learn that he lost an arm
meet the ordinary expenses of the government. Confronted by military and
meeting and in my mind gave him the most malevolent and bitter
meeting the captain, and passed out into the street.
meeting with Napoleon. To the joy and pride of the whole army, a
melted paraffin, and before solidification takes place a layer of
member of the American union; and that union has a constitution ...
member or members from two-thirds of the States and a majority of all
members for disorderly behaviour, and, with the concurrence of
members of society, they saw everything upside down, and all they
members of the Hofkriegsrath and both Emperors took part. At that
members of the House of Commons were favorable to the Confederacy and
members of the House of Representatives, and one hundred and five of the
members of the League (Article X) were to respect and preserve as
members of the Senate, ninety of the two hundred and thirty-three
members of the same community ... and vests in a favored class, not in
members of the staff could be heard conversing in French, and
members of the state conventions and so express their will directly.
members sat in certain habitual places and met in certain habitual
members were fired upon from bushes or behind trees, and swift
members were numerous and important. The Council was to take steps to
members. Then Japan dropped out and finally Italy, leaving only
membrane and effusion of serum or pus, to an _acute arthritis_ with
membrane and the ligaments; they consist in cellular infiltration and
membrane has erupted through the joint capsule and infiltrated the
membrane involved, and there is comparatively little complaint on the
membrane proliferates, grows over the cartilage, and replaces it, and
membrane, and are only seen on cutting into it.
membrane, producing large areas of ecchymosis and discoloration. One of
membrane, spreads to the bones, and being complicated with septic
membrane, the joint is swollen, and as the muscles waste above and
membranes of joints, and are liable to the same diseases. Apart from the
membranes, and manifesting other evidence of the rheumatic taint, such
membranes, in suppuration in the liver, and in various other
membranes; and in a certain proportion of cases cutaneous eruptions
memorable for the great men who took part in the debates and memorable
memorable plea in the Charleston convention of 1860 when, with grave and
memory, and which he narrated with rapid gestures and glowing face,
men and her brother were trying to conceal, and was herself excited by
men and provisions have not arrived. Gallop off to him at once and say
men and ships, and a contingent of war vessels was sent to cooperate
men and that it was now useless to say any more.
men and women journeyed hundreds of miles to witness the ceremony. Great
men and wounding eighteen more--an act which even the British ministry
men are invested with pomp and power and crowds of sychophants flatter
men are labels giving names to events, and like labels they have but
men are not here. I came to the battle and have lost them."
men could see one another's faces and speak to one another. Besides
men into Russia and captured Moscow; then he suddenly ran away from
men killed and maimed (by his will as he believed), did he reckon as
men migrated, were impoverished, or were enriched, and millions of
men of letters as an author, a scientist, and a philosopher of
men will hoard gold money and leave silver money in circulation. When,
men would have aroused. Although he was in retirement and had now no
men" and indicated that he would assume the role of leadership. As an
men, for the connection between those men and the nations has not been
men, laughing and cursing as he turned raw countrymen into regular
men, of all those brilliant, rich youths, officers and cadets, who had
men, so that, flushed and happy, and passing on her superfluous
men, who looked like tradespeople, ran hurriedly from the entrance and
men. The jug and the cabin they proudly transformed into symbols of the
meningitis also, and in some cases of injury to the head, it is common;
mention of Princess Mary he experienced a feeling of shyness and
mention, and which you think is the result of your own mental efforts,
mention. If the ulcer is of limited extent and situated on an exposed
mention; they are almost invariably traumatic, and are treated by
mentioned gummatous disease in the _larynx and trachea_, attended with
mentioned: They are frequently, and sometimes to a marked degree,
merchant, the farmer, and the miner. "The man who is employed for wages
merchant. 'Where did it happen, Daddy?' he said. 'When, and in what
merchants and mechanics became an important element in the social
merchants. To their agriculture they added woolen and linen
mercury and lanolin. Every night after a hot bath, a dram of the
mercury, seizes it, holds it, and in combination produces other
mere recollection of him. "If he had told me he was drunk and did
merely a word and has no real existence. But to understand phenomena
merely allowed a private corporation to make paper money and lend it at
merely because she had a stomach, a brain, muscles, nerves, and a
merely erosion of bone, and the shadow is not unlike that given by
merely secretions of the brain, and that man following the general law
merely to express their sympathy and enthusiasm but also to consider
merely understood but lay in the soul of every soldier and found
merrily and quickly across the meadow grass.
merrily began to devise and carry out a plan of how Princess Mary
merrily to everyone at once, sat down and gaily arranged herself in
merrily to his two friends, one of whom was a dashing hussar and the
merry and lively as ever. Twice they noticed the French appearing
merry shouts and laughter.
merry voices and jokes were heard on all sides.
merry, witty, and mischievous, with a voice that was already breaking.
merrymaking, but somberly whispering, and betraying by every word
message to Congress that he approved both income and inheritance taxes,
messenger returned and said that the colonel wished the officer to
messenger were not killed (which he very likely would be), and found
met and their passengers, the carpenters cutting the timber for new
met with in erysipelas and various other inflammatory and suppurative
met with in the _groin_ following on inflammation and suppuration of the
met with in the joints and tendon sheaths of the wrist and hand,
met with most often in the femur and tibia, less frequently in the
met with on the face. They may be multiple, and vary greatly in size,
met with on the leg, especially in the region of the knee (Fig. 42) and
met with outside the body, gives rise in oxen, horses, and other animals
met with, and it is due to a lesion of the fifth anterior branch, or, it
met with, especially in the skin of the buttock, and may present a local
metacarpal bones to avoid the digital vessels and nerves. If pus has
metal harness disks and from the eyes of the horses, who looked
metal straps, and these changed their familiar faces.
metallic roar, and a whistling grenade flew above the heads of our
metallic sound of the bells reverberated high above and the hot rays
metallic ware, chains, anchors, bar and pig iron were made in large
metallic was struck three times and everyone knelt down and sang a
metaphorically speaking, and waited for some one with more energy than
metaphysical heights, pass on to definitions of space, time, and
metaphysis between the epiphysial cartilage and the diaphysis. We shall
metatarsal in hallux valgus; over the tarsus, metatarsus, and digits in
method was to do what had been done with him at Austerlitz and with
method, and a counter opening may be made in the axilla.
method, the return to normal is often far from perfect, and there
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
methods, known as nerve bridging and nerve implantation.
methylated spirit to dehydrate the skin, and then for two or three
methylated spirit, and then painted with a 5 per cent. solution of
metimes Holmes would hurry on, sometimes stop dead, and once he made quite a little detour into the meadow. Lestrade and I walked behind him, the detective indifferent and contemptuous, while I watched my friend with the interest which sprang from the conviction that every one of his actions was directed towards a definite end.
micro-organism, the _bacillus tetani_, and characterised by increased
micro-organisms are those that cause inflammation and suppuration--the
micro-organisms, and its edges are in contact. Such a wound in virtue of
micro-organisms, such as the staphylococcus aureus and the spirochaete of
microscopical examination. Other forms of sarcoma, and the enlargement
midday he was admitted to the Emperor, and an hour later he rode off
middle ear, the usual phenomena of acute inflammation and suppuration
middle life is more chronic; it begins insidiously, and many years may
middle, a cry was heard, then Princess Mary's heavy tread and the
middle-ear disease, and conjunctivitis. These lesions afford the bacilli
midst of that crowd terrible screams arose. Petya galloped up, and the
midway between the symphysis pubis and the anterior superior iliac
might be put to him and the answers he would give. He expected to be
might be the relations of the company and its workers in that particular
might call for his rapidity of perception and decision.
might indicate a wish to get rid of him, and therefore Prince Vasili's
might not have been so intense; but many a search and seizure was made
might rank incomparably higher than a general, and according to
might result from it. At all events, both by laws and presidential acts,
might rid them of the Bourbons and because they saw that he was a
might, and a passionate attraction to him who was the cause of this
mighty web over the face of the North, and as accumulated capital rose
mighty weight into the scale of free government and emancipate a
migration. Western Europe contributed emigrants of many races and
migrations of peoples took place in consequence of such and such
mild and majestic light around, and already he felt himself
mild solemnity which has so elevating and soothing an effect on the
miles in 1860; 166,000 in 1890; and 242,000 in 1910. It is easy to show
military and civil authorities, and your tears will soon cease to
military and financial, were withheld. Congress, it is true, could
military and naval projects not connected with "the defense of our
military and political events.
military authority was brought, emphatically declared, in a long and
military court and from the consequent presence there of an
military machine, an impulse once given leads to the final result; and
military policies and to frustrate the designs of those who sought to
military science destroyed the French, and to him belongs the credit
military) and questioned him with an important air, as if
militia officer, "you won't catch me. Speak of the sun and you see its
militia, and for many other reasons. The fact is that other
militia. Everywhere Bonaparte was anathematized and in Moscow
milk and lime water, or milk with a dram of liquor calcis saccharatus
milldam and forming up within twice the range of a musket shot. The
million slaves, decreed the equal citizenship of all, and established
million votes, captured twenty-two presidential electors, and sent a
millionaires won their fortunes in the railway business and still more
millions of Northern Democrats who stood by the union and the tens of
millions of men, reckoning those transporting and feeding the army-
millions of spindles tumbled unheeded to the seas. Coal and iron beds
mills, and connecting streams with canals to make a network of routes
mind by intimate talks with a friend older than himself and whom he
mind does not acknowledge, but of those rare and always solitary
mind, arising from the circumstances and persons he met. Of these
mind. "This is a mob of scoundrels and not an army," he was thinking
mind. He imagined men such as he had himself been a fortnight ago, and
minds and when opportunity offers to retell it, or who wish to adopt
mine what goes on there--whether Arakcheev is bad, and all that?
miners from Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri crowding in to exploit the
miners, and promoters who explored the valleys, climbed the hills,
mines, and other business concerns were transferred from individual
mingled with this mist, and over the whole expanse and through that
miniature portraits and which was littered with books and papers.
minimum amount of scar tissue, and function is perfectly restored.
mining rights, ports, and commercial privileges at the expense of the
mining, and metal working, the results of business enterprise far
ministers and great people, and know how to deal with them all! It's
ministers of the crown in London. With governors, courts, and an army
ministers, generals, authors, reformers, popes, and journalists, to
minority called "the invisible government." So eminent and conservative
minute or two; above all he knew that he himself was bright and happy.
minute yellow foci which tend to enlarge and in time to become
minutely how in its opinion power should be constituted and what
minutes all had been ready, but they still delayed and all were
minutes into the skin where it is soft and comparatively free from
minutes later crowds of wounded men and stretcher-bearers came back
minutes later he heard footsteps and Princess Mary entered with
minutes, and Natasha rested her head on the arm of her chair and
minutes, and then applying a firm elastic bandage over a layer of cotton
mirrorlike, impenetrable eyes, and felt that it had been ridiculous of
miscarriage results, and this may take place in repeated pregnancies,
miscarriages and still-born children may afford confirmatory evidence.
misery, and money, and Dolokhov, and anger, and honor--it's all
misfortune has driven from the city, and you scattered tillers of
misfortunes and restore you to your homes and families. Respond,
misleading, because the lesion involves the ossifying junction and the
miss a week and give 9.6 grms. on two successive weeks; then miss two
mission and feeling the hand of God upon him, suddenly recognizes
mission to the Indians and then as a college for the sons of New England
mission," and with his embroidered red mantle, his flowing feathers,
missionaries--among them two very remarkable men, Jason Lee and Marcus
misspelled, and without punctuation: "Unsoundly constructed because
mistake and that Anatole meant to flirt with Mademoiselle Bourienne,
mistaken," said the stranger in a deliberate and loud voice.
mistaken? Am I not too conceited and self-confident? I believe all
mistakes, he is drawn into a conspiracy that aims at seizing power and
mistress rocked and hushed her baby and when anyone came into the
mistresses and ministers, and by the lives of Napoleon, Rousseau,
mixed infection has taken place, and that some suppurative process is
mixed toxins of the streptococcus of erysipelas and the bacillus
mixed with the pus, it contains granules of blood pigment and is said to
mixed, and retreated as a disorderly crowd. One soldier, in his
mixture onto the floor and asked for some more water. The maid brought
modeling and modeling you must get smeared with clay," suggesting
moderate and amicable tone in which the French Emperor spoke, Balashev
moderate compass. For another thing, the English, Scotch-Irish, and
moderate degree of leucocytosis. If the labour is normal and the
moderation. He takes the irritating message and with his own hand
modern industry has attained, employers and employees are too often
moist eyes, pensively swaying her head and feeling an unexpected
molasses from the French and Dutch colonies were shipped into New
mole, who was of a cheerful and lively disposition, bent over her
moment "...of my youth, farewell!" he said, turning to Makarin and the
moment affording opportunities to undermine a rival and obtain an
moment and that if he let it slip it would not return. The bullets
moment and then continuing the conversation. They were now
moment he was doubly to blame, and he would have preferred to wait;
moment imagined himself to be Napoleon in person and to have just
moment the Emperors went into the pavilion he looked at his watch, and
moment to start her gambols again and display her kittenish nature.
moment, glanced at Kutuzov and, having convinced himself that he was
moment; then she smiled again and clutched Prince Vasili's arm more
momentarily on many and many faces he had met that morning; and
monarch but as a man, adoring him sincerely and disinterestedly, as
monarchs nearly quarreled and were on the point of again ordering
monarchy and aristocracy but had forgotten the starving peasants and the
monarchy and high prerogative. Appropriately, therefore, Jefferson's
monarchy was restored; and Scotch and English subjects in general who
money and return home with their savings. These men, willing to work for
money and take it away with you.... What does it matter to you whether
money invested and the labor employed in the favored industries
money party set up a shrill cry of protest, and kept up the fight until,
money to pay official salaries and then insisted upon electing a
money, and he was keeping the bank. Rostov had not seen him since
money-making and who had dreams of empire unequaled by many kings of the
money. Dolokhov stood frowning and did not speak. Pierre jumped upon
monitress and saw that she was again going on tiptoe to the
monopolies and "conspired to enhance prices." Republicans and Democrats
monopoly and excessive prices. By a series of measures, enlarging the
monosyllables. He was in the way and was the only one who did not
monsters, the _Minnesota_ and the _Dakota_, thus preparing for
monstrous that had tormented him all dinnertime rose and took
month?' He asked all about it and his heart began to ache. So he comes
months after infection. The patient complains of impairment of sight and
months it debated and wrangled over plans for a constitution. The small
months, where they were every moment fighting death from hunger and
monument to the zeal and industry of a Democrat, better known in
mood--love of, and delight in, herself. "How charming that Natasha
moonlight and the shadows, expecting every moment to see his dead
moral life, and that of the seven virtues he lacked two--morality
more and holding out the letter.
more and more and at last the wall fell, and with it the men who had
more and more animated and evidently wishing to express his new
more and more attenuated.
more and more impatient the nearer they got to Moscow.
more common than complete, and it is noteworthy that the fibres destined
more difficult and assumed more definite forms.
more difficult process of dyeing, weaving, and fulling, but carding and
more diversity of opinion and publishers could set up in business with
more evident are the laws of that movement. To discover and define
more evident is the predestination and inevitability of his every
more excited as he paced up and down the room, repeating to Balashev
more important guests--an old general and his wife, and Anna
more important than verses, and Bagration, again preceding all the
more insight than at any other time, and understood all that is
more intently and to frown.
more money. They viewed it as a case of supply and demand. If there was
more of the gummata may break down and give rise to tertiary ulcers. The
more our conception of his freedom diminishes and the more our
more persistent, and is associated with swelling of the parts from
more ragged than that of entrance, and that its edges are everted; the
more ragged, and portions of the clothes may be driven into the tissues.
more recalled all that had happened to him, and above all vividly
more satisfaction with himself and those around him, his smile and
more severe and are more likely to result in disorganisation.
more sorry for Pierre. So young, and burdened with such riches--to
more than an hour to do so, and came out upon the square where the
more than once seen a father and son together in the hospital
more tractable and more willing to surrender the freedom of the hunter
more tranquil and confident you ought to be, and the more amazed at my
more, and not even that; but even were they ten thousand, that's
more, as on many other occasions, peace was purchased and the union
more, but he waited and did nothing.
moreover, that a sudden strain may, by rupturing the valves and so
morning all these dreams melted and merged into the chaos and darkness
morning he and his party had been on the move. All day long he had
morning light, stopped suddenly, and Petya fell heavily on to the
morning quite sober and with a deep bow would ask them to help him.
morning she told the Rostovs and all her acquaintances the details
morning they woke late and were again delayed so often that they
morning, Cossacks of Denisov's party had seized and carried off into
morning, and came out to the porch in his lilac silk dressing gown. In
morning, and should be practised systematically by those who are liable
morning, and then immediately fell asleep behind a partition in a
morning, but he was silent with his steward, the gardener, and the
morning, came up to the Emperor and ventured respectfully to suggest
morning, carriages with six horses had been coming and going
morning. With compressed and parched lips and dry fixed eyes, she
morning; his eyes seemed larger than usual when he glanced round and
mornings, and that day she returned to the old way of life which she
morosely dumb and retired to his apartments directly after dinner.
morosely up and down it, then they descended into the hollow where the
mosquitoes, midges, different varieties of flies, wasps, and spiders,
most beneficent influence on me and on my brother in spite of all
most common exciting cause is increased pressure within the veins, and
most commonly met with in the tibia and in the ribs at the
most convenient and generally applicable, means of sterilisation is by
most deeply considered plans have no significance and that all depends
most explicitly and fervently for our remarkable successes. They pray
most frequently affected, and the condition usually yields readily to
most frequently injured, and the muscles paralysed are those supplied by
most horrible thing in life; and we ought to understand that and not
most important being squamous epithelioma, rodent cancer, and melanotic
most infamous and detestable."
most intellectual, merriest, and most magnanimous of cranks, a
most of all. Then I don't eat, don't wash... and how is it with
most of the houses were locked and the shutters up. The streets and
most of the powers, and the first Assembly of the League of Nations met
most of them in the Lake region. Sons and daughters of German farmers in
most of time, Anna Mikhaylovna sent someone to call her son, and
most often met with on the nose or cheek. The early and typical
most part still stocked with goods--and there were factories and
most potent, and the one which most concerns the surgeon, is physical
most recent is that by Babinski and Barre, which traces the condition to
most severe portion. It is also to be remarked that the extent and
most vivid and precious memory and the personification of everything
mother (sa pauvre mere) appeared, and reproached her for yielding to a
mother Natasha seemed rough, but she was so sensitive and tactful that
mother and Sonya, realizing for the first time how wrongly she had
mother and the youngest daughter--both named Nataly. Ever since the
mother city, must feel her feminine character, and Napoleon felt it.
mother's consent! And now she's ill, and God knows what! It's hard,
mother's remarks were leading to and during one of these conversations
mother, and Sonya. She valued the company of those to whom she could
mother, pushing away her daughter with pretended sternness, and
mother, to repay you, and not to leave the children such beggars as
mother, written without his father's knowledge, and that letter
motion is painful and restricted. Slight contracture of the fingers is
motionless in a corner of the coach with wide open eyes, and the
motionless masses of the French now swayed and that there really was a
motionless. He seemed altogether so thin, small, and pathetic. His
motor power, while--and this is a point of great importance--the normal
mounds, and streams; and try as he would he could descry no military
mount and ride to bridge. (Observe that all three are Gascons.)
mountains were plains and semi-arid regions in vast reaches suitable for
mounted infantryman) and riding up to Rostov, he burst out laughing.
mounted. Rostov riding in front gave the order "Forward!" and the
mournful sketches, maxims, and verses.
mournful, and gloomy world a quite different atmosphere, careless,
mouth and flew out involuntarily he went on: "How was it, sir, that
mouth and pharynx, the _simple epulis_ of the alveolar margin and the
mouth with its downy lip was open and she was smiling joyfully. Prince
mouth!" said Bilibin, and the mop of hair on his head moved with
mouth, was inhaling the smoke spasmodically and screwing up his
mouth, where they often ulcerate and leave radiating scars.
mouth. Pierre was seized by a sense of horror and repulsion such as he
mouth. The pupils dilate; the pulse becomes small and almost
movable, but soon become fixed both to each other and to their
move about and talk, dressmakers came again. Marya Dmitrievna
moved according to the enemy's movements and the number of men
moved and cleared his throat. And at that moment little Andrew shouted
moved; then he and the general in white, accompanied by the suite,
movement by political and diplomatic combinations, laws, and treaties.
movement deprived them of that possibility and rendered it not only
movement of peoples from east to west, and for this fresh war
movement of steam, of the bells, and of the wind. History must do
movement of the French as was desired in Petersburg and by the Russian
movement of the head and lips indicating very little hope for the
movement were manifold and striking. Billions of dollars' worth of
movement, and their excitability to the faradic current is diminished.
movement, but a neighboring wheel is as quiet and motionless as though
movement, picked up the ball, and regained her former position.
movement; the same hesitation midway, and the same increasing rapidity
movements and general orders, and constantly studying historical
movements of 1805, 1807, and 1809--precede the great westward
movements of humanity and commerce, handicraft, gardening, or anything
movements of the joint, becomes smooth and polished--a change described
movements were those inimitable and unteachable Russian ones that
movements, and extension with weight and pulley.
movements, by the softness and flexibility of her small limbs, and
moves eastward and collides with a countermovement from the east
moving freely, then the laws of Kepler and Newton are negatived and no
moving toward her, and in their midst several men were supporting by
moving with great haste and in the greatest disorder. The road was
much as they enjoyed their Rhine wine, saute, and ices, and however
much behind the times, and had sunk, as he expressed it to himself,
much decision and desperation as though he were at that moment
much enthusiasm and such deplorable success--for this mania of imitation
much food and fresh troops awaited them in Smolensk, nor that they
much in French, German, and Latin, blamed one another, and
much less disastrous to the French--in guns and men lost--than Krasnoe
much of it? Things are nice as it is," she said to herself, and she
much of the apparent increase is due to more accurate diagnosis and
much that was amiss, he again got into his caleche and drove back in
much, and all of you, only Vera... And what for? What have I done to
much. Pierre hesitated, not knowing what to do, and glanced
mucous membranes covered with columnar epithelium, and is chiefly met
mucous membranes livid, the pulse feeble and fluttering, the discharges
mucous surface, and consists of a central axis of vascular fibrous
mud-stained face--fair and young, with a dimple in the chin and
mules; and many a fortune was made out of the traffic.
multiple exostoses, grow from the long bones and from the scapula,
multiple from the outset--for example, fatty, fibrous, and bony tumours,
multiple, develop slowly, and are rarely sensitive or painful. One or
multiplication table and fractions.
multiplied in number, and augmented in population, will control the
multiplied until they tapped every wheat field, mine, and forest beyond
mummers, admired their cleverly contrived costumes, and particularly
munched a piece of bread and cheese. Gervais laughed softly with a
municipal laws and charters.
municipalities were Dayton, Springfield (Ohio), Akron, Kalamazoo, and
municipality did not stop the robberies and was only of use to certain
murmured, pacing the garden with hurried steps and pressing her
muscle has been found to be closely adherent and undergoing
muscle has not been exercised, the patient shrinks from using it and the
muscle is larger and firmer than normal, and its electric excitability
muscle is paralysed from loss of its nerve supply and undergoes complete
muscle, and finally appear in the thigh.
muscles and ligaments about the elbow; the "angler's elbow," affecting
muscles are not, as was formerly supposed, arranged irregularly and
muscles become soft and flaccid, they exhibit tremors on attempted
muscles like steel, a delicate muzzle, and prominent black eyes. He
muscles on one or both sides. The amount of tenderness varies, and so
muscles produce dyspnoea, and a feeling of impending suffocation which
muscles regain the power of voluntary movement, and as the condition
muscles, and vaso-motor and trophic changes. The presence of the
muscles, one or more incisions should be made, and the cavity drained by
muscles. The syringe is made of glass, and has a solid glass piston; the
muscles_, and, when situated beneath the deep fascia, such as the fascia
muscular atrophy, poliomyelitis, insular sclerosis, and in traumatic
muscular paresis on that side. Vaso-motor disturbances and contraction
music and songs and coming from the field where the review was held.
musicians to play faster. Faster, faster, and faster; lightly, more
musketry and the rattling of carriage wheels seemed to fill his
musketry. Many people were hurrying through the streets and there were
must also be a possibility of doing it, and that possibility did not
must be adopted, and many methods are available.
must be constantly sprayed with peroxide of hydrogen, and washed out
must be finished!" He blushed hotly, raised his eyes to hers, and
must be placed the labor of those who had valiantly fought in forum and
must be suppressed and advised the colonies to set up governments of
must believe in the possibility of happiness in order to be happy, and
must burn which is left by its owners and in which strangers are
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
must entirely change my point of view and study the laws of the
must have two footmen behind her carriage, and very big ones. That was
must not trust to this and still less speak about it, but must only
must remain in Moscow, concealing his name, and must meet Napoleon and
must retreat and the order to do so must be given." To give that
mustache and lightly touched his hat.
mustache sat with two colonels and other Frenchmen with scarves on
muttered something and colored.
muttering the prayer at Communion: "Let the bold and insolent
muttering, the creak of his bed, and the steps of Tikhon and the
mutual acquaintances, now turned on Moscow, the army, and Napoleon.
mutual guarantees to all states great and small. On a later occasion
my Milka at once!" he thought as he rode with "Uncle" and Ilagin
my brave, kind friends," and he leaned his head against the shoulder
my brother will ever marry again, and certainly not her; and this is
my chief temptation. He shook his head incredulously; and even more
my dear brothers, and had much property. 'And he went on to tell
my dear brothers,' said he, 'am being punished for my own and other
my dear friend. May God keep you in His holy and mighty care. My
my dear general, I am engaged with rice and cutlets, look after
my pocket and that's quite simple and is no else's business."
my saber for me? It's got bl..." (Petya feared to tell a lie, and
my son in the Empire; my dictatorship would have been finished, and
my work," said she in French, displaying her bag and addressing all
myeloma, chondroma, and sarcoma--give a well-marked central clear area;
myself and you with the hope that your son is alive, for otherwise
myself or you as having been at all insulted, and as a man older
myself personally above all to keep a watch over myself, and to that
myself with anything in regard to her; and that always will be so in
mysterious and fascinating in Speranski suddenly became plain and
mysterious unknown, and hunters, fur traders, and squatters, following
n I coupled it with my knowledge that the doctor was furnished with a supply of creatures from India, I felt that I was probably on the right track. The idea of using a form of poison which could not possibly be discovered by any chemical test was just such a one as would occur to a clever and ruthless man who had had an Eastern training. The rapidity with which such a poison would take effect would also, from his point of view, be an advantage. It would be a sharp-eyed coroner, indeed, who could distinguish the two little dark punctures which would show where the poison fangs had done their work. Then I thought of the whistle. Of course he must recall the snake before the morning light revealed it to the victim. He had trained it, probably by the use of the milk which we saw, to return to him when summoned. He would put it through this ventilator at the hour that he thought best, with the certainty that it would crawl down the rope and land on the bed. It might or might not bite the occupant, perhaps she mi

n open secret that the Duke of Balmoral has been compelled to sell his pictures within the last few years, and as Lord St. Simon has no property of his own save the small estate of Birchmoor, it is obvious that the Californian heiress is not the only gainer by an alliance which will enable her to make the easy and common transition from a Republican lady to a British peeress.' "
nail, with swelling and redness of the nail fold, causing intense pain
nails become brittle and ragged, and they may even be shed.
nails. All the officers appeared to be, and really were, in love
naked body and shuddered, not from cold but from a sense of disgust
naked white human flesh, laughing and shrieking, floundered about in
name _aureus_. It is of high vitality and resists more prolonged
name secret. Then during the first day spent in inaction and
name the whole army gave to their encampment there, and because many
napkin drop and his shaking head sink over his plate. "He is old and
napkin, and from whom she could hear reassuring words to the effect
narrated that episode so persistently and with so important an air
narrator. Several persons, among them the elderly lady and Anna
narrow dam amid the wagons and the cannon, under the horses' hoofs and
narrow pedicle or stalk, or this may be torn across and the body becomes
narrow plank. I stepped on it, but it bent and gave way and I began to
narrowings and dilatations here and there. Grooves and gutters are
narrowly intelligent, conscientious, and pedantic preceptor. The old
nasal cavities, and the bones of the face; hence it may produce the most
nasal mucous membrane becomes affected, and produces a discharge--at
naso-pharynx--the blood vessels are dilated into sinuses and have no
nation fighting for existence, if silks, fine linens, and chinaware were
national debt and he could hardly endure the thought of issuing more
national highway binding the East and the West. The Cumberland Road, as
nationalism and democracy was in the course of time given to new leaders
nationalism and nullification upon Jackson, the same could not be said
nationalism, insisted on specifying each power to be conferred and
nationalities and tendencies begin to describe the same event, the
nationalities to freedom and self-government; the independence of
nationalities, mainly the Scotch-Irish and Germans, rival the English in
nationality, freedom, equality, and progress (these, I think, cover
nations--should be fostered and encouraged by a liberal and just
native Americans to assimilate quickly and unconsciously the habits and
native insurrectionists and, sad to relate, they were repaid in kind;
natural and habitual enemy. It is New Orleans through which the produce
natural cure or to rupture, but severe and even fatal haemorrhage may
natural pride in his great estate; it was a sign of his prowess and his
natural resources developed, and industries promoted, the social order
natural that a long and deep wound should take longer to heal than a
natural, logical, inevitable result of the doctrines and teachings of
naturally thin and pigmented. In parts where the extravasated blood is
nature and severity of the injuries sustained in warfare vary widely in
nature, and known as _toxins_. When these poisons are absorbed into the
naughty and obstinate. I tried threats, but he only grew angrier. Then
nausea, and sometimes shivering.
naval uniform, with a dirk, and holding his cap under his arm, he
navigation laws. Revenue collectors, officers of the army and navy, and
navy of the United States, and of the militia of the several States,
navy, the American merchants were high-spirited and mettlesome, ready to
near Vyazma could not resist their desire to cut off and break up
near and far frontiers lay a vast reach of plain, desert, plateau, and
near by on the right, shouting and firing were again heard. Flashes of
near his temple, where an Ismail bullet had pierced his skull, and the
near one, the chestnut Falcon, who was pawing the ground and
near the village of Novoe, and the center at Borodino at the
nearer and nearer, faster and louder, louder and faster, a cannon
nearer in disorderly crowds came the Uhlans and the French dragoons
nearest to him and disputed with one another who should bring him
nearly a hundred years," and then hinted that the decision annulling the
nearly a right angle, and this position is maintained until voluntary
neatness, and order; so it was quite comprehensible and not strange
necessarily dictate and prescribe its policy." He went on: "The
necessary and Grenville began to search for it, turning his attention
necessary and gave him a slipper for his left foot. With a childlike
necessary for him to inspire the people in the capitals and arouse the
necessary in the organism of nature, and they always exist, always
necessary money and warrants, and having sent some hussars on in
necessary tendency to embitter the dispositions of the vanquished and to
necessary the devices of indirection. They were few, simple, and
necessary to believe and to commit oneself to God, whom she felt
necessary to fill the gap is therefore great; and as the epithelial
necessary to introduce himself, and without experiencing the least
necessary, a bank is entirely proper and constitutional. "With respect
necessary, according to the size and character of the naevus.
necessary, during the operation, and at its conclusion. The
necessary, he continued, it should be a public bank, owned and managed
necessity for a centralization of power, resistance to Europe, and
necessity is increased and diminished depend on three considerations:
necessity of a belligerent and constitutes restrictions upon the rights
necessity of paying off the debts and undertaking new activities
necessity. They had to unite in defense; first, against the Indians and
neck, and should not be lightly undertaken; parts left behind may be
necklace. From time to time she smoothed the folds of her dress, and
necks squeezed into their stiff collars, and wearing scarves and all
necrosis and separate, exposing the subjacent bone and leading to
necrosis," is a rare disease, and would appear to be associated with an
need be, by force of arms. The German reply was still evasive and German
needed to start up American industries, giving markets to farmers and
needful was to get away as quickly as possible; and no one, not even
needle of platino-iridium should be 5 cm. long and of a larger calibre
needle with a short point and a bore larger than that of the ordinary
needles, and which, when they were ready, she always triumphantly
needs, merely renounced their allegiance to the king and went on as
negation to refer only to the victory and not to the lunch, M. de
negotiated the treaty of annexation, and laid it before the Senate for
negotiations and to offer the Russian army the three days' truce.
negotiations and treaties of alliance, managed to keep on fair terms
negotiations for peace were already proceeding, and that he
neighbor.) "I knew you wouldn't be able to resist it and it's a good
neighborhood and also very few domestic or literate serfs, and in
neighbors from Otradnoe, impoverished old squires and their daughters,
neighbouring capillary or with a similar filament, and in time these
neither could she help loving Nicholas and knowing that his
nephew, little Nicholas, and religion--and these were the favorite
nephew, the princess noticed all that was going on around her and felt
nephritis_; and in the breast and prostate, as in the kidney, the
nerve and cause genuine sciatic neuralgia (Llewellyn and Jones). A
nerve and of the parts supplied by it. The limb is exercised, massaged,
nerve at the elbow, and is described with injuries of that nerve.
nerve but not in its long axis, and by being unduly painful and
nerve fibres surrounded and supported by a framework of connective
nerve fibres. The blood vessels and lymphatics run in these
nerve is divided as well, and some of the fibres of the lower lateral
nerve sheaths of the distal portion, and continue growing until they
nerve supply it may undergo degeneration and so have its function
nerve, and interference with the movements at the hip.
nerve-trunks and with pigmentation of the skin. The clinical features
nerves and arteries without injuring them. They may cause a deep hollow
nervous system and highly specialised glandular tissues like those of
net and the harpoon in almost every quarter of the Atlantic. "Look,"
neuralgic character, with cramps in the limb, and these may persist long
neuro-fibromatosis of the cutaneous nerves (Fig. 89); and by
neuron with which it is connected, and from which it originally
neuroses, that the symptoms come and go without sufficient cause. When
neutrality of America and warning American citizens against hostile acts
neutrality, they early accepted the Confederates as "belligerents" and
never before and might have lost half his army but could not have
never breathe a word of what has passed between you and Countess
never depends, and never will depend, on position, or equipment, or
never existed, namely that of cutting off and capturing Napoleon
never felt the doubt, "Is not all I think and believe nonsense?" And
never invited them. They came to disturb my life--and there is not
never known what it was to have the free and open publication of books,
never lost sight of) and smiled happily.
never occurred to him. On the contrary, he became more and more
never seen on him before. She went up to him and with a swift,
never seen your Frenchmen! Only wait till it gets dark and I'll
never shall reproach my wife with anything, and I cannot reproach
nevertheless confined to narrow circles and bore no trace of bitterness.
nevertheless it kept collapsing and again slowly rising to the sound
new beauty and on new and unshakable foundations.
new cloak and saddlecloth.
new confederates to govern the East, and finally the Western states,
new corporations and trusts and to supply them with credit to carry on
new grass, the first leaves on the birches, and the first puffs of
new local unions had been founded and eight or ten national trade unions
new nations, and reduced the power and territories of the vanquished.
new position away from the Petersburg and Moscow roads. The reason for
new spongy bone beneath the pericranium, and they may be grouped
new surroundings; in a certain number of cases the flap dies and is
new, envious glance at the grass, the wormwood, and the streamlet of
new. He recalled his exertions and solicitations, and the history of
newcomer was an acquaintance--he wished him simply a brother and a
newcomer was evidently one, Rostov felt confused, blushed, and
newcomer, and Natasha, following the direction of that look, saw an
newcomer, who, with a gloomy and tired face, was wearily taking off
news and about Nikolenka, twice asked when the last letter had been
news began to arrive in December, nothing was said about the war and
news of him since he left and feeling very anxious about his wound and
news. The footman having greeted him, knowing his habits and his
newspaper was enough for America. Nevertheless he continued it; and his
newspaper. "Sons of faction, demagogues and high priests of anarchy, now
newspapers and looked upon as freakish by the masses.
newspapers, and their old-world customs and views.
newspapers, magazines, and periodicals with interviews, articles, and
next day and night. She did not sleep and did not leave her mother.
next day, very clean-shaven and in a full-dress uniform he had not
next morning, was unable to rest and leaped up. The pack on leash
next note, the next phrase, and everything in the world was divided
next seizure, and he is unable to sleep until he becomes utterly
next to hers. A woman came from the bedroom with a frightened face and
nice indeed, quite French," and he kissed the tips of his fingers.
night I looked at the campfires and there was no end of them. A
night and prevents sleep, and the part is extremely tender on pressure.
night till two in the afternoon and bore away with them the wounded
night when he had decided that to marry Helene would be a calamity and
night, and told her how he had involuntarily overheard her. Natasha
night, by the disorderly movement of the Russian columns, and from all
night, dragoons mostly. I took down the name and rank of their
nightcap and Katie, sleepy and disheveled, beat and turned the heavy
nightingales trilled, and their voices reverberated now near, now
nights and of the Empress. Evidently he had wanted to talk. "And why
nine to seventeen, and is generally believed to be due to a
nine unfavorable reports and only once did the subject reach the point
no actual promise and could not bring herself to decide to do what was
no apparent reason and knowing that it will cost him all the money
no difficulties daunted her. Thanks to her activity and energy,
no escape from this position. Smiling unnaturally and muttering to
no foreign competition in cotton and tobacco, the East could not offer
no inversion of the cutaneous surface takes place. In extensive and deep
no less than railway and industrial questions. Indeed, in his first
no longer sentinels sounding the alarm with their abdomens raised, and
no one and to invite to dinner only a small number, a list of whom
no one but bricklayers going to work or men sweeping the street, and
no one had put but which was always in her mind, "and how much
no one may hinder him under any pretense. (3) Sunday and Wednesday
no putrid odour; and the condition being non-infective, there is not
no thought of the Tarutino position; but innumerable circumstances and
no valid distinction to be drawn between secondary and tertiary lesions.
nobility and gentry, that they would furnish ten men, fully
noble-minded and full of that real youthfulness which one seldom finds
nodding his head he let it droop and again closed his eye.
nodule," and rarely gives rise to motor symptoms unless it involves the
nodules appear, and are rapidly transformed into pustules. These may
nodules may form in its substance. Constitutional measures, massage, and
nodules, and lacks the rounded, elevated border. Syphilitic lesions
noise of the crows flying from Moscow across the field, and when
noiseless steps, lifted the curtain, and dropped it again behind
nominated John C. Breckinridge of Kentucky for President, and put forth
nominating speeches, and served on committees. In the contrast between
nomination. Still it grew in strength and by 1840 was firmly
non-conformists, had grown haughty and overbearing through long
non-sensitive, and corresponds to the superficial area of the synovial
none of his orders were executed and during the battle he did not know
none of its honeyed firmness and softness.
nonsense! One might kill and rob and yet be happy..."
nonsense," he thought. "The slur on my name and honor--that's all
normal, the bone becoming lighter and richer in fat, although retaining
north bank of the Ohio River. To the south, in Kentucky and Tennessee,
nose and adjacent parts, firm, translucent, greyish nodules containing
nose red, and his voice hoarse, involuntarily listening, with downcast
nose, and mouth all seemed puckered into a vacant, wearied grimace,
nose; and he added, "Let the Emperor but say the word and we'll
not a military man at all, and Pfuel himself, who, as Prince Andrew
not a regimental but a Cossack horse. A judge of horses and a
not agree with you, and you do not really believe what you are
not alike. Boris was tall and fair, and his calm and handsome face had
not all the same?" she thought, and did not reply.
not at all troubled by his sleeplessness: his soul was as fresh and
not at once raise, and he spent most of his time in the girls' room.
not be adjusted by diplomacy and in no case to resort to war until three
not be attended with any of the usual signs of suppuration, and beyond
not be done. By 1818 slavery had become so entrenched and the
not be done; he felt that everybody, including his mother and sisters,
not be his wife, that he had no means, and they would never let her
not believe, and said, 'The monks cheat,' and as soon as he'd said
not but perceive the living charm of her neck and shoulders, so near
not changing the expression of her eyes. "I am a woman, and you
not clearly heard and the difficult names of villages. Weyrother
not collected. The molasses and sugar trade with the foreigners went on
not complain, and often mentioned that he had not been flogged once
not consider my sympathy misplaced, but I was mistaken," and
not crushed, but angry and working unnaturally, she saw that hanging
not dead, but evidently the crisis was over and he was convalescent.
not desire war and as Your Majesty sees..." said Balashev, using the
not distinguish any of them and, feeling that she must speak to them
not enough money in the treasury to buy pen and ink with which to record
not exactly bowing yet seeming to grow suddenly smaller, and
not exasperated the vicomte, and had convinced herself that it was
not find fault with Sonya in any way and tried to be fond of her,
not get everything packed. The countess had fallen asleep and the
not grow weary of it and wished to hear it again and again. Anisya
not had time to recover from him, and begged the officer to let the
not have sufficient patience), and only then will he be a brave
not help loving him. What am I to do if I love him and the other one
not honest and takes bribes. What nonsense! Besides, why shouldn't
not justify his actions. He employed all his ability and strength to
not know for certain how much Vera would have and did not receive at
not know that now there is no Petersburg for me, and that that must be
not know whom to answer, and for a few seconds collected his thoughts.
not leave his room and admitted no one but Mademoiselle Bourienne
not like Princess Mary, whom she thought very plain, affected, and
not like a real weapon) and looked now at the superior officers and
not limited for time, and with this difference too, that a knight is
not looting, that is--were arrested, and I among them."
not my father!... Robbing us!..." and so on.
not now be at peace, and immediately felt this.
not one of them knew, not one of them wanted to know, and not one of
not produce a conquest and is not even an invariable indication of
not recognised and treated. _Iritis_ is the commonest of these, and may
not recommended, as it is followed by great suffering and the adhesions
not refrain from asking what was the matter, so strangely dismal and
not reply to questions put to him. He was bespattered with mud and had
not reply; he only gave an order to cease firing and re-form, so as to
not return, or because he was suffering and others were suffering
not see the true light, and that he, Pierre, ought to aid,
not see, she only saw something large, brilliant, and handsome
not smile, though he was evidently in high good humor, and he
not so mad as I seemed. On the contrary I was then wiser and had
not take a French officer into his hut to warm him, and when the
not the gentlefolk, also moved away. All were moving slowly and
not think of Karataev who grew weaker every day and evidently would
not time to say it, for Natasha, with a pale and set face, entered the
not time to signify his approval of them all, and the group increased,
not to be late, and the huntsmen had not yet reached their places when
not to be observed by their companions and searching uneasily for
not to continue his military service, and when the war recommenced and
not to cut or divide any vein before it has been secured by forceps, and
not to leave their homes and that the French authorities would
not to let them out again, and having told the footman to bring them
not to see her often," thought Boris. "The affair has been begun and
not to trouble the lady, and also to pick up the glove himself and
not try to determine for whom and for what he felt such particular
not turn to look at her now, and she glanced round quite disconcerted.
not wish to dress and Mademoiselle Louise sent for me. He was
not yet been taken and I hope it will not be, for it is mined and
not yet had a loud conversation among the men and a dispute about
not, and do not, in the least care about that scoundrel of a clerk who
not, it is usually sufficient to remove the clots and apply firm
not. He was always busy and always felt in a state of mild and
notes while many people appeared from right and left wearing black
nothing about it and have not thought about it. Moscow is chiefly busy
nothing and all those idiotic societies!" Natasha declared of the very
nothing and am fit for nothing. I am very amiable and have a caustic
nothing and forgotten nothing. Charles X, who came to the throne in
nothing before him but the motionless earth and the stubble around
nothing beyond the pleasure of the moment, nothing troubles him and so
nothing but a trick! He has retreated and ordered the rearguard to
nothing but his aim to consider, and he reached it. But tie yourself
nothing but withdraw the treaty from the Senate and close the incident.
nothing more to do with you and you are no longer my friend, no longer
nothing more to do. But his thoughts--the simplest, clearest, and
nothing, nothing, and don't want to...."
nothing; teach me what to do and how to use my will! Take me, take
notice. It was Dolokhov marching with particular grace and boldness in
notice. The women and girls flirted with him and, from the first
noticed and felt the tension of the amorous air in the house, and also
noticed and saw nothing of what occupied everyone else. Not only did
noticed before was struggling forward shouting "Brothers!" and
noticed him and raised their caps to him. When he felt he was being
noticed in the anteroom, by her father's nervousness, and by the
noticed that her father was really associating more and more with
noticed that look and, as if understanding it, flushed with pleasure
noticed this and guessed its reason.
noticed this but could not go. He felt uneasy and embarrassed, but sat
noticed, and repeated in a whisper, the one coarse word she had
noticing embarrassment on Pierre's face immediately grew bold and,
noticing her liked her, and this observation helped to calm her.
notions about the sacredness of royal authority and his duty to check
nourishing food, and by the administration of cod-liver oil, iron, and
novo-arseno-billon, and neo-diarsenol belong to the "914" group, the
now a new source of happiness and that this happiness had something to
now and then can save him from actions which would torment him
now and then detached ideas and impressions from the world of
now at Denisov, now at the esaul, and now at the French in the village
now be distributed, and surely a pardon would be granted...."
now been admitted to the true Catholic Church and that in a few days
now been settled once for all till death and that to change it was not
now counted the cords on his coat and took a card with that number and
now decided him to despatch part of the army abroad and to create a
now entered the room, and the reading of the letter began. After a
now expelled all the French residents from Moscow, and now allowed
now frightened and distraught and now unnaturally animated and
now had to tell contained the chief charm and the whole meaning of his
now have been offended and grieved had he chosen not to see them.
now heard the nurse calling her and went to the nursery. Countess Mary
now in (she wore only white dresses and white ribbons all that time)
now in an adjutant's uniform with one epaulet and a shoulder knot.
now relating the latest town news, and now the latest political
now rose and took their leave. The visitor's daughter was already
now sitting opposite Pierre and seemed very gay. Rostov was talking
now that it had taken place, did not affect him, and even seemed quite
now there's Dolokhov sitting in the snow with a forced smile and
now two Russians, Miloradovich, and Dokhturov, and there would be a
now understood the whole meaning and importance of this war and of the
now when he first entered and glanced at her there was not the least
now, and even marry her, Rostov thought, but just now there were so
now, from the hints contained in his letter and given by the little
now. If we go we are almost sure to be taken prisoners, and God
now?" This question suddenly presented itself to her, and in answer
nowadays among our old men of twenty and, particularly, he is so frank
nuisance and a hindrance to everyone. Almost all day long the house
nuisance it is!" thought the officer, and he rode round the whole
nuisances and ordered closed. Thus three important economic interests of
null and void.
nullification and waging a national war themselves, the Republicans lost
nullification, Senator Hayne, of South Carolina, a skilled lawyer and
nullifying all his decisions and intentions. He went to Kuragin's.
number from one to forty or fifty. They may last for months and then
number of better dressed people, who had watched the scuffle without taking part in it, crowded in to help the lady and to attend to the injured man. Irene Adler, as I will still call her, had hurried up the steps; but she stood at the top with her superb figure outlined against the lights of the hall, looking back into the street.
number of men and women killed or wounded in industry mounted higher.
number of the leucocytes succumb, and, becoming degenerated, set free
number, ever increasing and increasing, exceeded what it had been in
number, he was forced to increase his acreage or sell them, and he
number, that most commonly present lying about an inch and a half above
numbers three and seven are the basis of everything. He advised me not
numbers. The great centers of commerce and finance on the seaboard
nurse three times and Natasha fell ill from despair, Pierre one day
nurse to have the aching spot rubbed or kissed, and it feels better
nurse's French, at which he and Boris used to laugh long ago.
nurse. Complete recovery is the rule, but when the muscles are weak and
nursed no hatred against anyone, and only desired that the plan,
nut, and the fibro-fatty tissue of which they are composed may be
o'clock, but it was already five minutes to ten, and the girls were
o'clock. He dismounted and went up into the porch of a large country
o'clock. The sun, a red ball through the dust, burned and scorched his
oaks are budding, and really every spring cold winds do blow when
oatfield in the gap between Semenovsk and the Knoll Battery, where
oath of allegiance and duty... I am sorry you weren't there. They
obedience, grew angry and nearly cried because they did not heed
obediently and was about to go but at that instant there came into the
obeying, and suddenly doubts arose in his mind. "Where am I? What am I
object the maintenance of the balance of power of Europe, and it would
objected to, they may be painted night and morning with salicylic
obligations to the victors. Damages done to shipping by submarines and
obligatory and irreproachable idleness is the lot of a whole class-
obliged them with the loan of a petticoat to be used as a curtain, and
obliged to fall back on power--the force he had denied--and to
obliterated the skin and cellular tissues become hypertrophied, and the
obliterated, the distinction into tables and diploe is lost, and, while
obliteration of the medullary canal. Hyperostosis and sclerosis are
obscure, and terrible. There in that enormous, illuminated theater
obscure, impalpable, and general abstraction which can cover all
observed in Speranski, and by the diversity of lines of argument he
observed in leprosy, and from the resulting loss of portions of the
observed this form of tuberculous disease in the gastrocnemius and in
observers, was increased with the advent of the steam engine and the
obstructed and the limb becomes congested. In the lower extremity the
obstructed gradually, and the establishment of a collateral circulation
obstruction to the lymph stream, and in such cases the lymph, including
obtainable, and in any case is not pathognomonic of hydatids, as it may
obtained a complete and permanent control over the legislation of
obtained an invitation to Anna Pavlovna's reception and had sat
obvious danger to save her, and even more certain was it that he was a
obvious feature; the other, in which bunches of distended and tortuous
obvious point of difference, are known respectively as _dry_ and
occasional and evanescent, and is usually the result of some extra
occasionally present a pustular eruption and superficial ulceration, to
occasionally, when the interchange of blood between an aneurysm and the
occasions, and of his orders during the battle not being as good as
occludes the lumen temporarily or even permanently, and in rare cases
occupation of Moscow by the enemy and its destruction by fire, the
occupations or who indulge in athletics, and they cause stiffness,
occupations. This connection between trauma and arthritis deformans led
occupied by gummatous tissue, or, if this has already separated and
occupied by the Emperors and their retinues.
occupied with agreeable and interesting work. His face expressed
occupy the position and prepare for an attack."
occur in tuberculosis, arthritis deformans, and in Charcot's disease,
occur on the face and in the vicinity of joints, and may be mistaken for
occur to me before?" and again he told himself that it was impossible,
occur, and the fact that the part is dead may be overlooked.
occur--in the knee with flexion, in the hip with flexion and adduction.
occurred a slight collision between his men and some American soldiers.
occurred and the oxygenation of the blood is defective. In the
occurred, Princess Mary and Natasha were present.
occurrence at such length and so insistently that everyone again
occurrence of suppuration the disease becomes more active, and abscesses
occurrence of the disease is favoured, and its features are aggravated,
occurrence, and play a considerable part in the production of what is
od, and to ask for the help of the lodge-keeper. He was much excited, without either his gun or his hat, and his right hand and sleeve were observed to be stained with fresh blood. On following him they found the dead body stretched out upon the grass beside the pool. The head had been beaten in by repeated blows of some heavy and blunt weapon. The injuries were such as might very well have been inflicted by the butt-end of his son's gun, which was found lying on the grass within a few paces of the body. Under these circumstances the young man was instantly arrested, and a verdict of 'wilful murder' having been returned at the inquest on Tuesday, he was on Wednesday brought before the magistrates at Ross, who have referred the case to the next Assizes. Those are the main facts of the case as they came out before the coroner and the police-court."
odd bits he turned and went out.
odium of the Alien and Sedition laws, in addition to responsibility for
odour of many ulcers renders the patient a source of annoyance and
odour. The chronic and intractable character of the ulcer is due to
oedema of the arm, with pain, numbness, and muscular weakness, may result
oedema of the face, the eyes becoming closed up, and the features
oedema of the glottis in burns about the neck and mouth has already been
oedema of the overlying cellular tissue and skin.
oedema subsiding in about twenty-four hours and the constitutional
oedematous, and a blister may form. This bursts and exposes the papillae
oedematous, and as a rule there is little pain. This variety of ulcer is
oedematous, and the seat of burning pain. To the touch it is firm, hot,
of "Citizen Judge" and "Citizen Toastmaster." Pamphlets in defense of
of 1814. War clouds still hung on the European horizon and the conflict
of American ships, and the impressment of sailors--were not touched,
of Borodino was a victory, and repeated this both verbally and in
of Claparede's, and even in obvious inconvenience and delay in
of Cossacks. Evidently the affair was over and, though not big, had
of Field Marshal Saltykov, Arakcheev, Vyazmitinov, Lopukhin, and
of France, for liberty, and for equality. People ceased to kill one
of Freemasons to which he was bound by oath and which preached
of Ilyin, who talked much and in great agitation. He knew from
of Iowa in 1860. New trades and professions were opened to women and old
of Jefferson and Madison, having the necessary majority, granted the
of Krasnoe. Toward evening--after much disputing and many mistakes
of Maine, a vigorous and popular leader but a man under fire from the
of Moscow and the position of our army, round which he had ridden.
of Moscow habits in which he felt himself held captive and lead him to
of Moscow to fight Napoleon, and that they must go away, sorry as they
of Moscow, and thousands of carts conveyed the inhabitants and their
of New York and the election of 1844 by giving a qualified approval of
of Ostrovna. Still laughing and talking, the officers began
of Philadelphia; the Amorys, Hancocks, and Faneuils of Boston; and the
of Pierre's remarks, rose and made a sign to his wife that it was time
of Prince Andrew had often occupied Pierre's thoughts and now recurred
of Prussia, for only one day's ration of bread remains, and in some
of Quebec southward to the Ohio River, and established, in this western
of Representatives, open all the certificates, and the votes shall then
of Russia and destroy their army--it is quite clear that the battle of
of Saragossa and considering the possibility of defending Moscow in
of Sergey Kuzmich and at the same time his eyes glanced toward his
of State opened by the Emperor, and he spoke of it enthusiastically.
of Suvorov giving his saber to Bagration in Italy, and the
of Thy blessing, that those who hate us and our Orthodox faith may see
of Vasili the Beatified and under the Borovitski gate, back up the
of Western and Southern states issuing reams of paper notes to help
of Western bacon, pork, mules, and grain. The Mississippi River and its
of _phlebitis_ and of the peripheral nerves--_neuritis_. Also in the
of _shock_, and there is a remarkable absence of pain. When shock is
of a brilliant victory, of the occupation of the town of Wischau and
of a carious tooth, and spreads to the lower jaw. A swelling is slowly
of a dull blue or purple colour, and gradually thin out towards their
of a feeling of weight, of insecurity, and of tiredness. Pain is
of a field. Instead of the moving horses and hussars' backs, he saw
of a joint and to be subjected to pressure by an opposing cartilaginous
of a man oppressed by business, weary and suffering, who yet would
of a new case, when the epiphyses are separated and displaced, and the
of a pleasure, and obliges me to interrupt you. I am very sorry to
of a public disaster and I haven't time to be polite to everybody
of a reddish-brown colour. It affects chiefly the buttocks and thighs,
of a refusal, and readiness for relentless hatred in case of such
of a truce and a capitulation, he detected a ruse and wrote the
of abduction and rotation. In the treatment of this affection the arm
of about 7000. Baltimore and Norfolk were counted as "considerable
of about seven, who wore an overcoat and an immense cap evidently
of absorption of the framework of the bone; the marrow spaces and
of adversity and who trained themselves until, in every contest of mind
of affairs. The price of weapons, of gold, of carts and horses, kept
of aggression. I trust indeed that Providence will beat back and humble
of all on the twenty-fourth of August at Shevardino and on the
of all persons voted for as President, and of all persons voted for as
of all the comforts of cleanliness and all the refinements of life,
of all the soldiers turned toward the women, and while the vehicle was
of all this happiness, newly appreciated and newly illumined, and
of amusing scenes they had witnessed during the campaign, and
of an old merchant who lived a good and God-fearing life with his
of an unreal immobility in space and to recognize a motion we did
of anger and walking up to the regiment wished to find a further
of another fire. One glow had long been visible and everybody knew
of antibodies to neutralise the infection. The anti-diphtheritic and the
of any organisms that may be circulating in the blood, and partly
of anything, Dolokhov, looking straight in his face, said slowly and
of applying submission and self-abnegation to her own life, for she
of attacks and had formed a definite idea of what an attack was and
of awards, his correspondence with Petersburg, and so on. But the
of bacteria, putrefactive or otherwise; and the term _antiseptic_ is
of bank notes, the money capital available for agriculture and industry
of bathing and of the liquid, vibrating globe, and he sank into
of battle, and by the sight of the gallant Apsherons, his comrades
of bayonets and cloudlets of smoke in the morning sun, there now
of bells and the joyous voices of the crowd that filled the whole
of bishops and archbishops to bind them to the seat of power in London.
of blissful excitement at being grown-up and in a perpetual ecstatic
of blood and to prevent stiffness and flexion; these include massage,
of blood in the tumour, and on the presence of the products of
of blood. Ice-bags and evaporating lotions are to be used with caution,
of bone predominates; in children and adolescents, defective formation
of bone; this is easily done as the bone is spongy, and at an early
of bones that have passed through a soft stage and also of those that
of borzoi she is," and turning to his groom, he said he would give a
of both Whigs and Democrats who talked principally about tariffs and
of bursitis and becomes distended with fluid, it may mask the underlying
of calamity in the days of Washington and Hamilton declared the nation
of certain diseases, and sometimes after injuries or operations. It may
of character and resignation," remarked Boris, joining in
of child labor, the exclusion of Oriental labor, old-age pensions, and
of city affairs and instituted a new form of local administration. They
of cleverness and knowledge. Prince Andrew watched the commander
of clothing, and devising substitutes for taxed foods. They helped to
of communications, recross the river lower down, and frustrate his
of concessions and attacks the political fever quickly died away, and
of copper (blue-stone), and dry dressings applied.
of corn, scrutinized the strips of ryefield which here and there
of corn, wheat, and flour.
of correspondence between the internal and the surface temperature of
of cotton and tobacco. The social affairs of the planter's family
of cotton wool and an elastic bandage, are useful in preventing effusion
of cotton, corn, wheat, and hogs to meet interest and principal when
of court and personal considerations tens of thousands of lives, and
of death and her own spiritual baseness, which she had not
of defending, protecting, and securing the British colonies and
of destruction and each time is saved in an unexpected manner. Owing
of diplomatic discretion tormented him, and he was happy to have in
of disease and starvation. Stories of the atrocities, bad enough in
of disease, is attended with pain and swelling about a finger's breadth
of dishonesty and various irregularities. Nicholas went out into the
of dissatisfaction on Boris' face, and as always happens to those in a
of dogs and men surrounding her. When she was touched, she jerked
of dollars' worth of the continental and state bonds had passed out of
of dull, aching, nocturnal pains, especially in the neck and back.
of each week are appointed as the chief market days and to that end
of emptiness and decay mingling with the smell of honey. There are
of entreaty and reproach that a carpenter uses to a gentleman who
of epithelioma, and for this reason, as well as for others, horns should
of escape from this muddle, indecision, intricacy, and weakness.
of events, he would listen with a mild and pitying smile and
of exposing to possible ridicule what to him was precious and sacred.
of farmers and artisans belonging to other religious sects came to
of fear, and the thought that he might be killed or badly wounded
of financing and sustaining armed forces, rather than military strategy.
of finely powdered boracic acid, and the leg, from foot to knee,
of fire and had descended into the dip, he was met by some of the
of flame here and there broke through that cloud. A great number of
of food and clothing to the destitute and the renting of abandoned and
of forgiveness of injuries and love of our neighbors, the law in honor
of forgiveness. "All will be forgiven her, for she loved much; and all
of freedom and a certain measure of inevitability. And always the more
of freedom and inevitability in themselves, and then ranging the
of friendship and amity for offense and defense, mutual service and
of frontal or supraorbital pain. The eye waters and is hypersensitive,
of frost, when there were only seven or eight hours of daylight and
of giving him a surprise, so he pretended not to see de Beausset and
of great strength to the Federalists and Jefferson, though committed to
of growth, a tube of radium should be inserted, and in advanced cases
of hatred and shame in all our subjects? What are we scared at and
of headache and pains in the limbs, the temperature rises to 104 o or
of healing is mainly due to impeded venous return and to oedema and
of healthy granulations and before the inevitable contraction of scar
of hemp, tar, lumber, and ship stores in general. Favors in British
of her and fear at the absence of a moral barrier between them.
of her upper lip and her half-open mouth--seemed to be her own special
of her, and then she particularly loved to hear and see how Prince
of high rank and importance, who was the first to arrive at her
of him and that soldiers were doing something on both sides of it
of him, Prince Andrew rode round the whole fortified camp and, by
of him, that if he did not do it he would grieve and disappoint many
of his adroit maneuvers and the agility with which he capered about on
of his army, he was advancing to certain destruction, and it must have
of his body constantly increasing. It was getting lighter and lighter,
of his coat and trousers, the prince undressed, sat down heavily on
of his conduct and repenting of it, Rostov, with downcast eyes, was
of his face caused his mother to await with terror, and which would
of his lower limbs--pseudo-paralysis--and screams if it is touched; a
of his nose. His face was depressed and gloomy. He seemed to see and
of his opponents, the frankness of his falsehoods, and the dazzling
of his own circle and, as he supposed, of similar interests.
of his past was repugnant to him, and so in his relations with that
of his reign and during 1812, but acted badly by giving a constitution
of his time. But he is growing old, and though not exactly cruel he
of history, as at present expounded, can be dealt with, and anyone who
of history. In each case history was rewritten and the past rediscovered
of honey and venom, and the warm whiffs of crowded life, comes an odor
of how many, like himself, had entered that life and that Club
of human progress. History often began as a chronicle of kings and
of humanity and of the peoples, the first question--in the absence
of humility before something great and incomprehensible, seized her
of hussars who, growing more and more flushed, ate and drank so much
of hyperaemia, exposure to the X-rays, and the employment of blisters,
of ice and held there "until his loyalty to King George might cool."
of impaired mobility in joints: rigidity, contracture, ankylosis, and
of independence and certain cash payments. The rights and property of
of independence and power. They had not gone far upon their course
of india-rubber, are to be avoided. In early and mild cases these
of industrial workers, immense cities, a flourishing commerce, and
of infection in the shape of bacilli and of characteristic giant and
of infection, such as diphtheria, streptococcal septicaemia, and tetanus.
of inflammation--hence the terms "cold" and "chronic" applied to the
of initiating laws; but the final word both in law-making and
of interest on a part of the bonds and the deferring of interest on
of invasion and conquest. Southern territory had to be invaded and
of it himself and unnoticed by others, never for an instant ceased
of it. Telyanin took the purse and began carelessly slipping it into
of its fat, and sterilised by heat, forms a part of almost every
of its fibres and blood vessels, may be due to violence acting from
of its rise and growth cannot be summarily estimated; but some special
of its sides had fallen in, another was on fire, and bright flames
of its villi and fringes. When the fatty fringes are developed to an
of joints, characterised by the prominence of subjective symptoms and
of joy and terror.
of judicial decisions." This was a new and radical note in American
of laws requiring militia service, and free land in the West.
of life (that is, what he was feeling) and those unfortunates who
of life and place of residence, their acquaintances and ties,
of life continually occurred in the captain's stories) and the Pole
of life that had restrained it, he no longer feared death and ceased
of life without which the count and countess could not conceive of
of life. Drones, bumblebees, wasps, and butterflies knock awkwardly
of liquefaction and suppuration support the diagnosis of tubercle. If
of logic must admit that conclusion, and in spite of their lyrical
of lymph and the emigration of leucocytes. The lymph contains the
of man's free will and partly of the law of inevitability.
of man, or the very cruel wars and executions resulting from the
of men acting in time and in relation to one another, to explain the
of men and women who would otherwise have been indifferent to the
of men from the army and abolishing many offices.
of men, and the right of married women to their own earnings. Labor
of men. And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness
of merchant vessels to be immune from search and impressment; and, in
of migration, one westward from the sea and the other southward from the
of money and of course another spur to industry. Every land is not so
of moving in three columns huddled together into one mass, and so went
of mucous patches or of catarrh, and as a result the child's cry is
of oblique movements, outflankings, and so forth. Pfuel and his
of old beer. From Sventsyani they retired farther and farther to
of omission. The time-honored stories of exploration and the
of one of the larger long bones takes about six weeks to unite, and
of ordered liberty and individual freedom." Mr. Taft shared Mr. Lodge's
of our commerce, and our credit in the Indies, at the price of Canada,
of our observation, must leave aside kings, ministers, and generals,
of over 2500. In forty years, between 1860 and 1900, Greater New York
of pain, tenderness, and redness, simulate tuberculosis, but the absence
of pain, to free them from their adhesions, and to resect enough of the
of pathogenic bacteria and their toxins--and they are essentially
of peace, of moral support, and the same sense being at home here in
of people all having about the same amount of this world's goods and
of people met him with excitement and enthusiasm.
of perfume, and admiring his partner, himself, and the fine outlines
of periosteum and capsular ligament, is resected to allow of the
of pity and disgust pressed the wet, painfully sobbing child to
of plants, notices that the bee helps in this work, and may say that
of playing patience, and so--though by force of habit she greeted
of potters; we need them; the clay is ready and the dishes wanted.... We
of power--and say plainly that that was the result of Napoleon's will.
of pride, indolence, and ignorance. Forgive me, my dear sir, but if
of production and shut down mills that were poorly equipped or
of pyogenic and tuberculous arthritis. Wasting of the muscles,
of quinine and arsenic.
of railways and industry by land grants, and the development of internal
of rates and charges.
of recent fractures and old fractures united and partly united, with
of regeneration, and in them the reparative process may result in almost
of regular life, with diverse branches of commerce and
of responding to painful cutaneous stimuli and to the extremes of heat
of safeguarding their free exercise and enjoyment." The die was cast;
of saints; now seized all the private carts in Moscow and on one
of sausages and a bottle of wine.
of scene and the advice of Moscow doctors would be good for her.
of scribes and journalists to pour out criticism on the Americans and
of secluded contemplation in which she had lived till then, and
of service to their master, and are keen at guessing their master's
of sick and wounded had been abandoned on the other side of the Danube
of skiagrams to differentiate the condition from syphilitic and from
of skin and subcutaneous tissues extends higher than that of bone and
of slavery agitation and wanted peace. Both parties, Whigs and
of slavery. Gouverneur Morris delivered his mind and heart on that
of slow growth, and occasionally undergoes spontaneous cure.
of slow progress and follows the course of the lymphatics. From the
of soldiers and many pieces of cannon. This was the crowning insult to
of some proclamation of the Tsar's and of an oath to the Tsar Paul
of some sort were moving about, in front and behind moved lines of
of speech and of the press--and only for that reason did he obtain
of speech, uttering the word amant as casually as any other word, "and
of stairs and up another, to Pierre's rooms.
of statecraft was represented by them: war and practical management in
of sterile saline solution and then aspirating the blood-stained fluid.
of strategy and tactics, as the Germans did. But the French troops
of such a life vanished after the engagement of Andrew and Natasha and
of tatterdemalions, and so forth. They had heard all that before.
of temperature. Fluctuation becomes evident and superficial, and the
of that body in the spring of 1787. Washington, Hamilton, Mifflin, and
of that pleasant, intelligent, and resolute young man.
of that stamp and to leave here as soon as possible."
of that vague sense of his own insignificance and insincerity compared
of the "romance of invention" and the "captains of industry."
of the "three estates"--the clergy, nobility, and commoners. Acting
of the American people were engaged in agriculture and lived in the
of the Austrian army, and then give it to his excellency."
of the Boxer rebellion in Peking in 1900, were but signs and symbols of
of the Constitution and so much of paragraph two of the same Section as
of the Constitution should be read and re-read in the light of the
of the Cossacks' shanties and of horses tethered together could be
of the Dakotas, the Ojibways, and the Sioux. Like Michigan and
of the French Revolution and the controversies accompanying it,
of the French agencies, and the French explorers--Marquette, Joliet, and
of the French were coming down upon them and that his regiment was
of the French, and almost every day of the stay at Tilsit, French
of the French, and the Minister of War does not even care to hear
of the French; and petitions for instant action flooded in upon
of the Friends, William Penn, to whom it was granted in 1681 and in
of the Great Northern and allied lines, was one of the most forceful
of the Guards, irreproachably washed, brushed, and buttoned, held
of the Lodge, told the password, and at last was permitted to sit
of the Masonic statutes, "be kindly and courteous," recurred to him.
of the North in the markets of London, Paris, and Amsterdam, many an
of the Rostovs! Well, Mr. Hussar, and what regiment do you serve
of the Rostovs' house was littered with wisps of hay and with dung
of the Russian people, after the enemy had been destroyed and Russia
of the Russians--and being like all Frenchmen unable to imagine
of the South, and to some extent in New York. The proprietor was in fact
of the Third District, and my only way of avoiding active service is
of the Treasury of the United States; and all such laws shall be subject
of the United Colonies and to give the assent of Virginia to the act of
of the Vilkavisski forest and flowing over the three bridges thrown
of the _Tribune_ was gutted; negroes were seized, hanged, and shot; the
of the abscess are thick and rigid, or when its contents are under
of the ante-bellum days inevitably dissolved; the South became more and
of the area involved, as well as pain and tenderness. The temperature
of the army. Indeed, fighting actually began upon the high seas and went
of the arterial wall; a tiny thrombus of platelets and thrombus forms at
of the artery, and repeated slight strains, which are so liable to occur
of the aspirin type are to be preferred, and these may be followed by
of the balloons that were to destroy the French, and despite all the
of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six
of the bed raised on blocks 10 or 12 inches high, and the limb
of the best and wisest men.
of the bleeding when it is incised or ulcerates through the skin, and
of the blood of men and horses, from the little puffs of smoke on
of the blood-stream and irritation of the endothelium of the vessel wall
of the body. Chilblains are met with chiefly on the fingers and toes in
of the bone presents a poor contrast to the soft parts, and no trace of
of the bones become irregularly deformed (Fig. 162). Sometimes, and
of the cause of her sadness, and because she was feeling well. She was
of the center that was conducting a gigantic war, and he was glad to
of the city and its regular life restored.
of the cloud, tearing its edge. Everything grew bright and
of the collection of duties and customs on colonial imports and exports
of the comet, and especially since the beginning of the war.
of the cone and its base. The soldier himself does the stabbing,
of the cotton gin and textile machinery created a market for cotton
of the cyst may die and degenerate, or the cyst may increase in size
of the cyst, and the contents consist of the pent-up secretion of mucous
of the dangers in the war zone and notifying them that any who ventured
of the digastric muscles, and receive lymph from the lips. It is rare
of the digastric, and rests in the angle between the internal jugular
of the disease, and as this takes place rapidly, that is, in a day or
of the disease, the result of examination with the X-rays, and the
of the engagement and within an hour seventeen of the forty men of the
of the face and scalp. Suppuration may ensue and be followed by cure of
of the fauces, and tonsils. In addition to mucous patches, there may be
of the fifth and sixth ribs or its walls may be contracted,
of the fifth metatarsal and the external malleolus.
of the fire and a soldier in a peaked cap and blue overcoat, lit up by
of the foot, and severe pain. According to Paget, the dead part remains
of the foot, and so on.
of the forces of Western Europe began, and in 1812 these forces-
of the forearm and ulnar area of the hand. Injury of the lateral and
of the globe, and the pupil is slow to dilate when shaded from the
of the governor. As a professor, a writer on historical and political
of the great companies were generally broken up and sold in small lots.
of the highest and best human attributes--love, poetry, tenderness,
of the hill and that he had already passed it. He would not soon
of the horse he was riding, and sometimes, when he came within six
of the horsemen and fell somewhere beyond them. The hussars did not
of the icons. 'Michael,' he says, 'come here and bow down to his feet;
of the increased crowd, dropped behind and returned to his tavern.
of the injunction in labor disputes, and prescribing trial by jury in
of the internal carotid artery and cavernous sinus, which is often
of the jaw. Fibrous odontomas have been mistaken for sarcoma, and
of the just, and mercifully fulfill the desires of Your Majesty."
of the kidney and temporarily increase its blood supply, but in the
of the leather cushion and seeing nothing but that cushion, and her
of the lesion, and does not even involve all the nerve fibres. In the
of the letters sent through the embassy and all the searches made, his
of the ligaments, the stability of the joint is lost, and it becomes
of the line and was being at once transferred to the Guards as a
of the locality and surroundings--fruit gardens, stone fences, tiled
of the long bones--tubercle, syphilitic gumma, and Brodie's abscess,
of the man to the world and the clearness of our perception of the
of the manufacture and sale of intoxicating liquors as beverages. This
of the meadow beside an oatfield, with head bowed and arms behind
of the meaning of the force producing historical events and termed
of the median line upon the rectus capitis anticus major muscle and in
of the men; the others tried to swim on, some in the saddle and some
of the middle horse, sank in the snow, which was dry and glittered
of the mighty arm being stricken powerless, but all the generals and
of the militia; he levied troops for defense and enforced martial law in
of the moist type and spreads rapidly.
of the most powerful and energetic leaders in the struggle of the giants
of the most striking and definite examples is an army.
of the mouth are excessive drinkers and smokers.
of the mouth, or even the jaws, may become gangrenous and the teeth fall
of the nation and the salvation of Europe!"
of the nations and of humanity and not the narration of episodes in
of the nature of a scratch or a cut, and after a long incubation period
of the neck and applied his foot and knee to his behind with great
of the nerve this bundle can be readily dissected up and its identity
of the nerve, while the neurolemma and the myelin act as insulating
of the new system and share in its control. Finally, with a view to
of the nineteenth March, and her downy little lip rose from old habit,
of the nose and its accessory cavities, the auditory (Eustachian) tube,
of the orderlies and servants.
of the party, and commended "the splendid diplomatic victories of our
of the patient, by abolishing the spasms, and enabling the attendants to
of the people peaceably to assemble and petition the government for a
of the people were for the American cause and not more than one-third
of the pharynx, tonsils, and palate are well marked, and small, circular
of the possible discomforts and gastric disturbance which may attend a
of the primary lesion in man, and the condition may, during the early
of the products of putrefaction for a considerable time, and are not
of the rates of railways and telegraph companies; repeal of the specie
of the raw materials and of the food for manufacturers; in the
of the regiment Kutuzov had reviewed at Braunau and in which
of the removal of the foreign body and the necessary disinfection.
of the rising generation like Henry Cabot Lodge, of Massachusetts, and
of the risk of exposure to cold, the use of hot-bottles, and of placing
of the routes running through the Hudson and Mohawk valleys and along
of the sacro-iliac joint; they project into the pelvis and press on the
of the saphena and its valves are intact, and only the more distal veins
of the scalp, face, and neck, for example, heal more quickly than those
of the ship, and that we were led into error by the fact that we
of the skin and cellular tissue of an extremity in association with
of the skin over the prepatellar or olecranon bursa, and in neglected
of the skin, such as the hair follicles, the sweat and sebaceous glands,
of the slaves and their proposed enfranchisement made prominent the
of the sleigh and sprawled there. It wasn't a case of urging them
of the small saphena system. Sometimes both systems are involved, and
of the spine, or from the symptoms of grave and persistent joint-disease
of the staphylococci, less frequently a streptococcus, and still less
of the state of things there, and spoke of the estimate an architect
of the states, and the enforcement of the laws." The party that
of the stretchers, and love of the sun and of life, all merged into
of the surface, and in rare cases the joint has become the seat of
of the swollen condition of the limb, and because there are already
of the swollen, thickened, and white edges, and presents a glazed
of the temperature. The arrest of the inflammation and its resolution
of the tendon, and redness and oedema of the skin. If there is an
of the tissues around an artery. The septic process causes softening and
of the tissues. The missiles frequently lodge and carry portions of the
of the town where the headquarters and the diplomatic corps were
of the toxins. Under such conditions the tension should be relieved and
of the true skin were specially advocated by Wolff and are often
of the tumour after the method described in connection with sarcoma--and
of the tumour being scraped out, and care must be taken that no nodules
of the ulcer and soaked in black wash is applied and covered with
of the vessel and so occludes the lumen. A bright-red or a white heat
of the vessel wall and leads to the formation of an aneurysm.
of the war; they took Philadelphia and retained it until threatened by
of the west at the end of the eighteenth century and their drive
of the wills of all who take part in the events, and that a Napoleon's
of the wrist and fingers, and the supinators. There is a characteristic
of their court; that I love and respect Alexander and that in Moscow I
of their interests in the form of higher wages, shorter days, and
of their rapier gracefully and politely, hand it to their
of them of the official class--who denounced the merchants, lawyers, and
of these enumerated powers; and therefore, though not absolutely
of thirty years, and been nine years a citizen of the United States, and
of this law, declared this ancient and honorable instrument for the
of this simple and obvious law would suffice and we should have
of those concerned in the event become and the more manifest the law
of those who have armed themselves in Thy Name, and gird their loins
of time the foot becomes inverted and the toes are pointed--pes
of time, and the greater or lesser dependence on the causes in
of timidity and submission. On seeing his daughter he moved his
of town who had the best horses, and promised to assist him in every
of tranquil rural joys and peace such as he had never known before,
of travel, and chatted carelessly, as a famous, self-confident surgeon
of tuberculous tissues and pus, were liable to suffer from a form of
of two houses--one elected by popular native vote, and an upper chamber
of unconciousness and oblivion which in the opinion of Napoleon's
of violence, no footmarks, no robbery, no record of strangers having been seen upon the roads. And yet I need not tell you that my mind was far from at ease, and that I was well-nigh certain that some foul plot had been woven round him.
of what had happened during those last days and during the first
of what she expressed by voice, smile, and glance. She wrote to him
of what they were saying, she softly left the room and went to the
of which he had written while defeat and gloom were all about him. This
of which is washed off with absolute alcohol, and the wound either
of which one is on the Mokhovaya Street and the other at the Provision
of which the base with the largest diameter consists of the rank and
of whom carried a lowered and smoking gun. They both looked pale,
of whom he seemed even fonder than of his aunt, and clung to them
of wide fame and a republican bold enough to encourage Washington in
of wonder at her spirituality and at the lofty moral world, almost
of wounded--some known to Pierre and some unknown--Russians and
of years ago by all the religious and philosophic theories--that
of your father and of Nicholas."
of your property, and finally that you should not doubt that these
of, and am going to rejoin my regiment, I am giving a farewell
of, and until you have ceased to love the woman of your choice and
of, to respect, and to pity his comrades in destiny, as he pitied
off and then we'll rest. The Tsar won't forget your service. It is
off from the joint it may suffer independently, and when distended with
off his cap) "from his animal condition and awaken in him spiritual
off his wet felt cloak in a corner of the room, and without greeting
off somewhere with them, shouts of delight and triumph arose among the
off their conversation and quit that corner in the sitting room, but
off their linstocks, and an officer gave the word "Fire!" This was
off their uniforms and settled down again in their homes and clubs,
off to markets on the east and west coasts.
off to the left onto the new Kaluga road and began to enter
off, and instead of granulations being formed, the tissues exposed on
off, in God's name!" would be given him: and he knew that even when it
off--and this is what comes of it!" said Prince Andrew in an
off. The others all followed, dispirited and shamefaced, and only much
offended at having to wait so long, sat crossing and uncrossing his
offended her. She was expecting Prince Andrew any moment and twice
offending one another. But the regiments, both cavalry and infantry,
offense. "It was all my fault, and Andrew was only joking."
offered at first an almost equally unbroken series of misfortunes and
offered food, clothing, and shelter; the former slaves gave their labor
offered him his own house. The Minister of War came up and
offering an all-water route from New York City to the Great Lakes and
office and given two officials a thrashing, and dislocated the arm
office, the same shall devolve on the Vice-President, and the Congress
office-seekers and hunters for land grants. Some of them were noblemen
officer Tushin, who silent and smiling, shifting from one stockinged
officer and at once went to meet the major.
officer and have not quitted Moscow."
officer and smiled at him over her bare shoulder. Anatole, who was
officer and then at the other.
officer on duty, riding a fine bobtailed horse, and a civilian--an
officer sent to inspect the locality comes in and gives a report quite
officer shall then act as President, and such officer shall act
officer snatched a little food at a comrade's, and rode again to the
officer to Olmutz, dined there, drank a bottle of wine, and then set
officer was admitted and immediately saw all the chief generals of the
officer who walked beside him. This hussar, with a grave face and
officer's hat and seemed quite exhausted. On approaching the fire he
officer's horse, almost knocking it over, and at the same instant
officer's look and tone. In reply to his last question Pierre again
officer's report, and began deliberately to examine the whole
officer, and by what right he allowed himself to claim quarters that
officer, the senator, and in general with whatever speech he had
officer, with happy face and sparkling eyes, raised his saber, shouted
officer--with pale face and trembling lips--came out and passed
officers and civilians drew near merely to see him. A rumble of
officers and members of Congress also produced an acrimonious debate
officers and the colonists over the disposition of western lands had
officers and their orderlies were to be seen. They were all looking at
officers became animated. The Guardsmen told Rostov of their march and
officers formed a group and some soldiers crowded round them. Their
officers from the men, and see the standard flapping against its
officers greeted him gaily, grew more cheerful in his presence, and
officers making up to each of them; women, too, who were pleased and
officers of the Guard and from French headquarters were dining and
officers was the safest, and though he would have been glad to be of
officers without exception, he read the same dismay, horror, and
officers, soldiers, and militiamen began running forward along the
officers," continued the staff captain, "and Bogdanich" (the colonel
officers. Now what was the colonel to do? Have the officer tried and
officers. Others held their ground and continued to fire.
officers; and shall have the sole power of impeachment.
offices and the seekers after them constituted a veritable political
offices having been already removed from Moscow, and to this
official censor and limited to the publication of religious works. Forty
official family, certain to be Episcopalian in faith and monarchist in
official whom Dolokhov made use of in his gambling transactions, and
often but a single step. But how irresistible and tremendous! What a
often called Balaga into their orgies and made him drink and dance
often come nowadays as it is, and this girl of mine," said the count
often dry and coated with a black crust down the centre, while the sides
often extends to the adjacent skin, fat, and muscle; in cancer of the
often insidious, and are attended with so few symptoms that the disease
often passed through his mind and left no trace behind.
often sensitive and reticent regarding the fact, and it may only be
often takes place with remarkable rapidity, and with little impairment
oftenest on the face, and is believed to be due to an organism, although
ointment (1 in 3). Belladonna and glycerine, equal parts, may be used.
ointment. In multiple boils on the trunk and limbs, lysol or boracic
ointments, and all substances like collodion and dry powders, which
old age and tobacco, which she had known so long. "Now, madam, these
old enemy Bonaparte against our old ally the Emperor of Austria, and
old father, and entering the military service, my dear. And there
old idea that they were dealing merely with individual employees and
old lady, who was always kind to me and to whom I am under many
old order of society" who gave finish and style even to popular
old persons. The original wound has long since healed, and beyond a
old prince, with spectacles on and a shade over his eyes, was
old retainers of the Bourbons knew how to make, and approached him,
old woman, and looked from under her long lashes with motionless,
old, noncommissioned officer ran out of the ranks and taking him by
old-fashioned style, wearing an antique coat and powdered hair; and
older parties and enter its fold.
older. What was new in them was a certain uneasiness and occasional
oldest rose. Marya Dmitrievna paused at the door. Tall and stout,
on Denisov's behalf and get Denisov's petition handed in. When he
on Sundays and taught school on week days. They led in the discussion of
on a child's little chair while, frowning and with trembling hands, he
on a national scale and even international scale calling for vast
on a physical medium, you must return it with your note, and
on a physical medium, you must return it with your note, and
on active service. Nicholas was somewhere with the army and had not
on and will meet them with the fire of the whole battalion'--and
on because he simply could not get up and take his leave.
on being polite to the French and lay down their arms at the first
on chestnut horses and behind them, in a large group, blue French
on expeditiously, unnecessary things were left, and the most
on hearing these words her face changed and something brightened in
on her father, noticed his silence, and was struck by the fact that
on her head, holding a dish and evidently awaiting the entrance of the
on him by the doctors, clergy, and relatives of the family. Prince
on his face, as if stirred to his heart's core and himself
on his face, paused in front of Pierre and, not noticing his sad look,
on his forehead, screwed up his eyes, and looked intently at him.
on his gray horse and urging it on with his saber. In another moment
on his knee, groaned, and slipped down into the arms of the Cossacks
on his knees in the naive attitude of an Egyptian statue, and
on his knees, and his shoulders raised. He remained stubbornly silent,
on his saber, and put on his cap.
on holy days to church and after the service to jails and prisons on
on incomes wherever found and not apportioned among the states according
on it, laid across two barrels). Davout took the packet and read the
on life; and so despite his reluctance to remain in Moscow among people
on one knee he twirled her round him, and again jumping up, dashed
on or for this work, so the Project (and you!) can copy and
on or for this work, so the Project (and you!) can copy and
on quickly; they all jostled one another, began to grow angry and to
on straw and overcoats.
on the French Revolution_ and Paine's _Rights of Man_.
on the Rostovs, and Natasha, very glad of this diversion, having
on the correctness or falsity of some newly emerging opinion and for
on the dead and wounded, on the frightened, exhausted, and
on the dorsal surface of the wrist and forearm are often followed by
on the face of the man addressing him. Rostopchin grew confused and
on the floor and walls of the hive. Instead of a neatly glued floor,
on the front of her little shawl and, still kneeling on the floor, set
on the garden paths, and horses and calves were straying in the
on the ground floor, and clapping Pierre on the shoulder ran with
on the horizon. Far in the distance in that birch and fir forest to
on the lower third of the leg, and is often associated with the presence
on the map, with a certain number of troops on this and that side in a
on the palmar aspect of the fingers, and vary in size from a split pea
on the part of railways. This measure was loosely enforced and the
on the pharynx and larynx, and on the hypoglossal nerve. Aneurysm of the
on the portfolio, and changed her grip.
on the protests of English planters in the Barbadoes and Jamaica,
on the prowl for booty fell in with the Emperor and very nearly
on the raised platform of the cannon, and reproached those others
on the right brachial plexus causes shooting pain down the arm and
on the right than on the left side, and is usually situated either at
on the seat the old prince used to like to sit on, and beside him
on the state of the Union, and recommend to their consideration such
on the tissues of the body and a scald which results from the action of
on the transport, of the message Petya had brought, and his own
on three, and then again going on all four and rushing to bark at
on tiptoe, and going to the door of the conservatory where he slept
on to 'Frisco, found that I had given him up for dead and had gone to England, followed me there, and had come upon me at last on the very morning of my second wedding."
on to Nicholas the flattering things Princess Mary said of him and
on to make some preparations and to be ready to receive the sovereign.
on to the pistol and screamed hoarsely, evidently with some heroic
on which he was making the bast shoe, and two little girls, running
on which it rests and which no human power can destroy, is the
on which the battle was fought had not been foreseen and that the
on which the institutions of state and church are erected.
on with their work. They renominated Mr. Taft and put forth a platform
on would laugh at him, and thrust his head into the shirt hurriedly.
on writing, so that his quill spluttered and squeaked. "If you have
on!" said he, panting and looking wrathfully around as if he were
on, and so on.
on, received many books, and to his surprise noticed that when he or
once he felt that this would not do, and that tonight he was a
once in their service he had run over pedestrians and upset vehicles
once moved his forces to attack the center and outflank both the
once recognized the shorter and younger man in the white uniform: it
once was--did not struggle, and perhaps she was right. Nothing has
once we begin judging and arguing about everything, nothing sacred
once, but pricked his ears listening to the shouting and trampling
once, to embrace the man she loved, to speak and hear from him words
one I'd give my life for her! But those!..." and he made a gesture of
one Sunday evening and was luckless enough to have a ray of light strike
one Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts as the Congress may from
one and two o'clock.
one another and the revolving pulleys whirr with the rapidity of their
one another as form and content, no conception of life is possible.
one another, and the visitors try to guess from these glances who,
one another. Willarski felt dull in Orel and was pleased to meet a man
one foot half across the room, and seeming not to notice the chairs
one foot rapidly against the other. In the stalls everyone clapped and
one he considered the "love of clodhoppers" and the other the "love of
one hundred millions. The iron industries of West Virginia and Alabama
one main division runs towards each of the extremities, and terminates
one minute may be necessary, and it may have to be repeated.
one of equal parts of tincture of capsicum and compound liniment of
one of his commissions and ordered the small closed carriage for her.
one of them did yesterday, and the French will come and take me by
one of those hopelessly and immutably self-confident men,
one of us will go and bwing in more wecwuits, and the sov'weign" (that
one or more free incisions, and to insert drainage-tubes, portions of
one plan, Armfeldt another, and they are all good and all bad, and the
one quite at home, and from habit immediately lay down on the sofa,
one remarked that training and experience were necessary qualifications
one replied, and the four simply looked at one another. She lingered
one should be elected President who was not worth $100,000 and that high
one side and disappear in the thicket. After going through the wood
one side and the women on the other--who with beaming faces had come
one thing there were delays and blunders on the part of the British
one time held the former governor of New Jersey and the mayor of New
one to four days and the opening closed with a Michel's clip or a
one upon the other should be possible and all infection must be
one would have to... the Metropolitan himself... and even then it
one year, 1907. The men who turned sheep and cattle to graze on the
one your fear's all gone, and your only thought is not to let him
one's way, and far from spoiling the high tone and general
one-fifth of the American people supported the insurrection and that
one-fourth from individual and partnership undertakings.
one-half of the credits of the nation for the benefit of debtors"--and
one. Since the world began and men have killed one another no one
ones, we find their wars and battles carried out in accordance with
ones--grow with extreme rapidity, and are early disseminated throughout
only Broussier had been there at that time and now the whole French
only Sonya, Nicholas, and Natasha, but even the old countess, who-
only a slight blush suffused her cheeks and her eyes lit up with a new
only and not with his eyes.
only anxiety and fear.
only as a pretext for disputes and intrigue. This Kutuzov knew well.
only be attained by conflict, and (3) The attainment of the chief
only because he wished to maintain his independence and not submit
only did they not interest him, but he took no notice of them and at
only eventually found, like a lost pin, by the skill--and apparently
only five too much, and five was represented by e, the very letter
only for a minute, and that someone from Bazdeev's widow had called to
only guarantee against dissolution and warfare at home and dishonor and
only half a dozen years ago. His breed seems to have deteriorated and
only in the polling places; and it was marked in secret. The first state
only in the soul of the frightened yet happy and enraptured Natasha,
only in the square, but everywhere--on the slopes and on the roofs. As
only just returned from abroad where he had been educated, and this
only mild offenders against unduly harsh and cruel laws. A peasant
only my advance guard, and have no right to arrange an armistice
only of what was there on the hilltop, and kept constantly looking
only one goes wrong, but it is her fancy and mine. They have been
only one, and it may attain considerable dimensions. They are not
only relieves thirst for a short time, and as it is liable to induce
only slightly heated horses, exchanging remarks and smiling, had
only the sum of those wills first tolerated and then destroyed them.
only those above him in position and who could therefore be of use
only those came who wished to dance and amuse themselves as girls of
only two of us. Besides, I want to go very much and certainly will go,
only what was limited, petty, commonplace, and senseless. He had
only you, my friend, are missing..." and so on.
only, and a quite unexpected, chance of saving the army. On
onset of the pain may follow over-exertion and exposure to cold and wet,
onset, varies with the extent and seat of the injury, and with the
onto the ice and into the water and oftenest of all among the crowd
onwards) sensation returns and the formation of elastic tissue beneath
ook upon her face. After an hour or so, Mr. Rucastle suddenly remarked that it was time to commence the duties of the day, and that I might change my dress and go to little Edward in the nursery.
ooze and freshness of the pond. He longed to get into that water,
oozing surface and yields elements that cause coagulation of the blood
oozing, which may be comparatively slight and unimportant, or by its
open country, but through the village. At one spot he stopped and
open furnace doors, flaming forges, and chimneys filled with eager fire.
open its paw and let go of its nuts. Ten minutes after each regiment
open space visible from both sides and was fought in the simplest
open waters and that therefore the whole of the North Sea was a military
open, and on the threshold appeared the handsome figure of the
open. There were beds in these rooms and the sick and wounded officers
opened his eyes again and stared vacantly into the darkness around
opened his eyes and lifted his head from under his cloak. All was
opened on him and he was losing men uselessly, and so had hastened
opened the door of their box. The music sounded louder and through the
opened, the will and letter will be delivered to the Emperor, and
opening an abscess can scarcely be exaggerated, and the rapidity with
opening and of the opening in the popliteal fascia. Such pouches, being
opening and the patient allowed to stand up, so long as the great
opening door and his expression of sleepy indifference suddenly
opening into it. In this way a communication between the artery and the
openings ultimately fuse and the large adherent greyish-white slough is
openly resisted his authority. Many were killed as a result and seven
openwork silk stockings and white satin shoes with ribbons were
operate great public works, such as the Panama and Erie canals; to
operating room and at the bedside, that the carrying out of surgical
operating, and then to amputate immediately above the dead part.
operating-room must be warm--not less than 70 o F.--and the patient
operation of decapsulation of the kidney a new capsule is formed, and
operation or accidental wounds; and the scars resulting from burns,
operation was too extended, and it proposed that instead of, or
operation, and, it may be, not till after the skin edges have united.
operation, drastic purgation and prolonged fasting must be avoided, and
operation, is told off to carry out the preliminary purification, and to
operation. The bone is laid open and scraped or resected according to
operation; the ulcer should be excised, and the raw surface covered with
operation; under a local anaesthetic, the ruptured tendon is exposed and
operations and the arrangement of the gardens and completely
operations most writers and teachers of history are mere novices. To
operations of surgery, and is only justified when less radical measures
operations the skin is shaved dry and dehydrated with spirit, after
operations, and such diseases as erysipelas, pyaemia, and "hospital
operations. An operation was looked upon as a last resource, and the
operations. The banks of Louisiana, South Carolina, Georgia, and
operative measures dealing with the sac and the adjacent segment of the
ophthalmia--consists in rest until all pain and sensitiveness have
opinion of Taney and the dissent of Curtis in Macdonald, _Documentary
opinion of the country was evidently unsettled and fluctuating. It was
opinion, a bold and eloquent pamphleteer broke in upon the hesitating
opinion," and he sank back in his chair.
opponents and practical men of experience in warfare had to say, and
opportunity; he favored reducing them by income and inheritance taxes.
opposed federal action and endorsed suffrage by state adoption only,
opposite flank, and at the head of them Rostov recognized Napoleon. It
opposite side and blocking the streets and alleys, while endless
opposite side; finally implicated base of skull, and proved fatal.
opposite wall of the sac, and the pulsation of the aneurysm imparts a
opposite. Pierre spoke little but examined the new faces, and ate a
opposition to annexation was clear and strong. Anti-slavery agitators
opposition to his measures and policies in Congress grew in size and
opposition to the Stamp Act and its accompanying measure, the Quartering
opposition to this acquisition of slave territory." While Clay and
oppressed people; had wept over the plumage and neglected the dying
opsonins which act on the bacteria and render them less able to resist
or "potato nose" are of the nature of sebaceous adenoma, and are removed
or Murat was there, and they all gazed eagerly at this little group of
or Philadelphia, skirted the coasts, visited small ports, and sailed up
or a chance of delay and flight when the longed-for moment comes and
or a mixture of Venice turpentine, castor oil, and collodion applied on
or a shell burst in the midst of that dense throng, killing some and
or anxiety (_emotional shock_), or with haemorrhage; and may be followed
or anyone from the staff, he bristled up immediately and grew
or at least a marshal or a hero of some sort, and reproached one
or cease seeing you; and if you won't do this, I will. I will write to
or clean linen rag held in a pair of forceps, and rotated so as to
or conspiracy in restraint of trade and commerce among the several
or descent of the road the crowds were yet denser and the din of
or elector of President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or
or even for some hours, and as they pass off the parts become hyperaemic
or fluctuating, and to assume the characters of a cold abscess. The pus
or grey colour, and is surrounded by a ring of hyperaemia. If protected
or highly excited man appears less free and more inevitable to one who
or hindrance and also those who thought trusts and railway combinations
or his assistant. Knives and instruments that are liable to be damaged
or inner aspect of the cheek. The child lies prostrated, and from the
or later it must be crossed and you will have to find out what is
or metal may lodge in the tissues, and favour the occurrence of
or more States;--between a State and citizens of another
or more back from it. Through these forests Denisov and his party rode
or no pain, but the fingers tend to be stiff and weak, and to become
or nodulated (Figs. 138 and 139). A cartilaginous exostosis in the
or of his own death, and so she could not guess his words.
or opium, must be given in large doses. Chloral is perhaps the best, and
or peg-shaped, and present at their cutting margin a deep semilunar
or pity, and when she wept her radiant eyes acquired an irresistible
or plantations in America to search for and seize" prohibited or
or preventing the passage of bacteria and their products into the
or sleep, grew visibly thinner, coughed, and, as the doctors made them
or spots before the eyes; and rushing, buzzing, or ringing sounds in the
or stages, referred to, for convenience, as primary, secondary, and
or strip of rubber tissue, is introduced, and the subsequent treatment
or such as are a burden to themselves and to others, are left
or talking as now, Nicholas did not leave Sonya's side, and gazed at
or that mode of government is determined by certain geographical and
or the Russians. Napoleon stopped his horse and again fell into the
or the basilar artery, and appears to be more frequently associated with
or think aloud in her company, and she had always answered him
or think of what is just and unjust. It is understandable that a
or three friends--you among them--and as for the rest I only care
or to her dominions alone; while sugar, tobacco, and ginger consigned to
or turn be confined to state control, drew the slave system and its
or upper arm, the skin in those regions being pliable and comparatively
or vascular sarcomata, in aneurysm, and in a muscle when it is palpated
or water-bags, and must be kept absolutely dry. The skin should be
or when suture is impracticable, the artery should be tied above and
or worsted stocking, or a light and porous form of elastic bandage,
orbit and conjunctiva, and from the mucous membranes.
order and did not leave the battery. He decided to have the guns
order and enable the residents of the city to resume their daily
order and wished to have word with their mistress.
order and, as always happens, had got somewhere, but not to their
order if you prefer it. I beg you to leave the town and break off
order not to be seen: he hung his head and quickening his pace went
order not to lose his head and do foolish things he must not act on
order of Maria Theresa on his neck and a black bandage round his head,
order to stop and fire the bridge."
order, and having done this he rode back.
order; and strange as it may seem to suppose that the slaughter of
ordered dinners and suppers and obviously tried to appear cheerful,
ordered his groom to get the horses ready and to call him early in the
ordered the destruction of sugar plantations and railway connections and
ordering wars, campaigns, and battles, now reflected the restless
orderly and nodded to them. (He liked to see new faces.)
orderly by the shoulders and knocking him against the wall.
orderly officers of the Guard and line regiments, Russian and
orderly's tone, dismounted, gave his horse to a dispatch runner, and
orderly, brought some hot water in a saucepan and placed a bottle of
orderly, running behind the cart and fumbling in the back of it.
orders did not interest and did not even exist for Alpatych.
orders had been carried out and in what state were the serfs whom
orders of Vladimir and Anna, and he still filled the quiet and
orders seem very good, and serious people fill whole volumes to
orders to find and execute the incendiaries. And the scoundrel
orders to him. But still he and those about him retained their old
orders to the club steward and to the famous Feoktist, the Club's head
orders, had already in June moved with her Negroes and her women
orders, to go against the French, and they shouted something about
orders. Vasilchikov and Platov had already seen the count and
ordinances, and acts of local authorities were set aside as null and
ordinary forms of diplomatic negotiation, spurned mediation and demanded
ordinary things. He wrote letters to his daughters and to Madame de
ordnance and those resulting in the course of blasting operations from
organism; and the X-rays and radium, combined with the administration of
organization of regular civil government. Johnson, a Southern man and a
organization of territorial government in the regions west of Iowa and
organizations bound together by the newspapers, the telegraph, and the
organizations, among which the Ku Klux Klan and the White Camelia were
organize a separate government and do all other acts and things which
organized as one colony in 1663 under the government and patronage of
organized capital and organized labor loomed upon the horizon. Their
organized local lodges or "granges" on principles of secrecy and
organized poor relief and led in private philanthropy. Dorothea Dix
organized, the male members choosing the pastor, the teachers, and the
organs. The disease is more common in certain parts of Australia and in
origin, and from which similar outbreaks of tuberculosis may originate
originates, and not infrequently more than one vessel shares in the
orphan girl. From the point of view of the old countess and of society
ossification, may take on active growth and exhibit the features of a
ossifying junction and tapers off along the shaft. The infection not
ossifying nucleus in the epiphysis, and the ossifying junction or
osteoblasts in the adjacent marrow and in the deeper layer of the
osteoma_ is really an ossified chondroma, and is met with at the ends of
osteomalacia; it is highly vascular and may show haemorrhages of various
osteomas and lipomas--which are hereditary in the same sense as
osteomyelitis fibrosa, fragilitas ossium, and diseases of the nervous
osteomyelitis, but there is practically no tendency to break down and
osteomyelitis_ occur, and are characterised by the formation in the
osteophytes, and other evidence of abnormal ossification in and around
osteotomies, and resections--may be required to restore even a limited
other Russians who gazed at the French with fear and curiosity, paid
other a notorious duelist and rake, and every now and then he
other adjutants, and had taken him to Vienna and given him the more
other appliances so that no movement can take place between them, and
other at cabinet meetings, and nothing short of the grave and dignified
other became restless and hastened to rejoin her. Together they felt
other colonies--Germans from Pennsylvania and Scotch-Irish furnishing
other competent person, lest he get out of bed and do harm to himself or
other end of the room. She and the countess and Sonya were standing by
other groom, a daring horseman and keen rider to hounds. Before the
other half is everything where she is not, and there is all gloom
other human interests entirely aloof from his own and just as
other infections, and the conditions attending life in tropical
other joints, and rarely lasts longer than a few days. It is probably
other of the adjacent bones. In the most severe forms, and especially
other of the drugs of which sulphonal, trional, and veronal are
other of the intertarsal joints. It is usually smaller, flatter, and
other planets. There is, and can be, no cause of an historical event
other side of the question and you will see that your duty, on the
other side was already pressing against it and forcing its way in.
other states to take proper means to preserve their rights and the
other steps, firm and resolute--they were those of Napoleon. He had
other tender and loving words which she might have said then but
other trifling events, had immense consequences for him and for all
other troops in front of him and that the enemy must be at least six
other two. The members of this party, chiefly civilians and to whom
other, and their final fusion takes place by the further development of
other, as lesions causing defects of skin are extremely common and
other, but a man like Bennigsen, who made his mark in 1807, and to
other, leaning his elbow on his knee and covering his face with his
other. That shoulder rose and fell rhythmically and convulsively,
others expressed by all talking at once, and it was so strange that
others followed behind, talking and shouting.
others it is irregular, so that here and there thin-walled sacs or
others not cited here were measures of centralization and consolidation
others were too weak, and others had died for want of fodder. It
others who carry weights on the shoulder, and may be the seat of
others, and passionate desire to give herself entirely to helping
others, and say: that is why this movement took place and those are
others, and she found them on my table and said she'd show them to
others, and so made her more worthy of Nicholas whom she loved more
others, and was seized by terror lest he had already, in some way,
others, while themselves losing four, so that on the one side four and
others. He was instinctively and thoroughly convinced that was
otherwise healthy that loose bodies causing the classical symptoms and
otherwise. (3) The connection between cause and effect has no
otherwise. To tell them that she felt ashamed for herself and for them
ought to have an explanation with Natasha and tell her that the old
our arms and so one had to pretend not to doubt it. And he acted
our cupidity and ambition. I now ask whether as a people we are
our disposal are heat and chemical antiseptics.
our eyes, it suddenly seemed quite clear and obvious to him that the
our fathers said, and as their children said, as Jefferson said, and as
our friends and poor. Well then, this!" and he tore up the note, and
our good and gallant Fatherland to such rabble and implanting feelings
our house was one to thank God for. When Father and we went out mowing
our lines of communication. The battle was fought and thousands were
our sovereign and desires the ruin of us all. So I write you
our troops had already entered Prussia and our second war with
ourselves--and not to obtain from us any co-co-counsel."
out again, then another, and all along the French line on the hill
out against the "rage for speculating in and forestalling of land on the
out alongside, and blew our way, the maid called out 'Fire!' and we
out among the soldiers, a swelling of the arms, legs, and face,
out an irrigation ditch than to cut forests and wrestle with stumps and
out and I have no money, so I was going to ask the count..."
out and yet more were heard mingling with and overtaking one another.
out before him from the hill, and with his whole soul followed the
out before my eyes... and there were women who had their things
out both royal orders and acts of Parliament. This reasoning seemed both
out clearly and sharply from everyone else.
out decrees and orders, communicating the President's lightest wish or
out for itself the best position for a general engagement and found
out from that room and taking Natasha by the arm said something to
out himself, so that she was not invited to dinners and evening
out in Spain and Italy. The spirit of the conference is reflected in the
out into townships, sections of 640 acres each, and quarter sections. In
out loud, to smoke their pipes, or to strike a light, and they tried
out night and morning with a solution of chlorate of potash and alum, or
out of bed, ran to me in his shirt, and sobbed so that I could not
out of over a million and a half; the Free Soil vote of the next
out of the carriage window and looked back and then forward at the
out of the field and vest the ownership and management of municipal
out of the little bottles and boxes of which Madame Schoss who was
out of the question, "I am in love with your brother once for all and,
out of the room, and then, leaving "God's folk" to finish their tea,
out of the room. Rugay, his back still muddy, came into the room and
out of the sea of mist and on which the Russian troops were moving
out of the state of poverty and dependence into which his servitude
out of the tent. The night was dark and damp, a scarcely perceptible
out the paternal intentions of His Majesty the Emperor and King and to
out the people to use the railways, the steamships, the houses, and the
out the scar, and along with it the ends of the nerves pressed upon.
out, Democrats, abolitionists, and champions of civil liberty denounced
out, and if, as is frequently the case, there is a communication with
out, are even more bewildered than he, and do not say the words they
out, full of well-being and prosperity for all. The European system
out, while under the supervision of the countess and the solicitude of
out. These sights and sounds had no depressing or intimidating
outbuildings, frowning and silent.
outcome of this battle. With a minimum of effort and insignificant
outdone on two important occasions by superior forces--at Saratoga and
outflow goes on more slowly, and the gradually increasing pressure
outlays and the original holders paid the difference; others said that
outlet for British goods and capital, was paralyzed. The heavy debts due
outline. Other pathogenic organisms are also present and aid the
outlying punctures make a wider and wider pattern, until at a distance
outposts to the uttermost parts of the earth--Europe, Africa, and the
outposts today and it is impossible to say where his chief forces
outside and above it and especially in the woods and fields to the
outside and saying something in their gypsy accents. Nicholas
outside the hospital. He seemed to try to forget that old life and was
outside this union all is filled with deceit and falsehood and I agree
outside, and flames were visible through the cracks of the shed, but
outstretched hind leg and her frightened choking head, with her ears
outvying everyone else, and was at all the balls and parties of the
oven fell before the cast-iron cooking stove. Happiness and sorrow,
over Bell and Douglas was only 849 votes. Equally astounding to those
over a fire brigade of Bonaparte's, that will be another story and
over a long route by way of New Orleans and to pay high freight rates
over a pole on the ground and had nearly fallen, coming his way. It
over a radius of forty miles all the peasants were moving away and
over and there was bright, joyous sunshine on Natasha's face as she
over hard tumours such as chondroma and osteoma, are described
over her and about to crush her was some terrible misfortune, the
over his regiment and hitting men and that afterwards someone had
over his temples, and donned his cap.
over my business and I'll go away."
over one hundred millions took the place of the old trust; and the
over the affected tendon, and a sensation of crepitation or friction
over the anatomical limits of the bursa, and is usually most marked over
over the calf. There may be one or more ulcers, and also scars of
over the colonies--executive, legislative, and judicial--must all be
over the lives and property of citizens, deemed necessary to the
over the rivers Inn (at Braunau) and Traun (near Linz). On October
over the surface, and the ulcer heals. As a rule, the patient suffers
over the tumour becomes thinned and stretched, until finally a slough
over their heads, and bound them to the post.
over their saddles and turned their horses away. The accountant
over what had happened to her, and suddenly remembering Prince
over with a layer of coagulated blood and lymph. In the course of a few
over, kissed him silently on the lips, and hurried away.
over, readjusted his hat, and pulling himself together drew himself up
over-corrected (R. Jones). Murphy advises resection of the radius and
overall, and the gloved hands are rinsed in lotion before and at
overborne in a long debate. The boundary was fixed, and Michigan, though
overcoat and on foot, stood at the corner of Ilyinka Street,
overcome the invading organisms and their products. The chief danger to
overestimated. Victory in the West meant severing the Confederacy and
overgrown horny layer is pared away, and the part painted daily with a
overgrowth first of one and then of both maxillae; these bones are
overgrowth of the fringes of the synovial membrane, and may consist
overgrowth of the surface epithelium, pigmentation, and the formation of
overlooked, you ought to know where they are, and must find them,
overlying skin and cyst wall may be so thin as to be translucent, and it
overlying skin and dilatation of the superficial veins.
overlying skin is perforated and septic infection is superadded, the
overlying soft parts, and swelling with vague fluctuation, and on
overlying the artery and transmitting its pulsation.
overstretching and partial rupture of the fibres of a muscle or its
overthrow the French, and all clamored for action.
overthrowing Spanish dominion, and he had assumed, apparently without
overwhelmed by flying Austrians and had had to force their way through
ovoid areas in which the skin is thickened and raised above the surface;
owed his position to the quiet and adept management of Jackson rather
owed to Northern creditors before the war were overdue and payment was
own belt and handed it to them, as if to aid them.
own cheerful tranquillity, that he avoided inquiries and tried to
own exceptional kindness and extraordinary intelligence, the more so
own feelings. But much as all the rest laughed, talked, and joked,
own initiative and without his sovereign's assent, that the Emperor
own irrepressible and streaming tears tickling her nose and cheeks.
own lodging, and kept them for some weeks while the old man was
own peculiarities and always has his own peculiar, personal, novel,
own personal grief; they wept with a reverent and softening emotion
own plan, Prince Dolgorukov ceased to listen to him and gazed
own powers, and an as yet untrained velvety softness, which so mingled
own sins to answer for without that and that is why he has been
own weapon and remain in Moscow awaiting him. Kutuzov even imagined
own, Andrew Jackson, the Hero of New Orleans and President of the United
own, the general's three-cornered hat, and held it, pulling at the
owners, clergy, officials of all kinds, tradesmen, artisans, and
ownership, enacted laws making it impossible for Chinese and Japanese to
oxidation of the tissues; and (3) _the liver_, which stores and delivers
oxide of mercury or the dilute nitrate of mercury ointment, and one
oxygen, manure, and plow were made effective--the peasant laborer.
pace up and down with him, trying to speak significantly. He
paced angrily up and down the room. What so affected him was Kutuzov's
paced up and down from the border of one patch to another, at the edge
paced up and down his room, now turning his thoughts on a difficult
paced up and down the room. He understood what she was weeping
paces away when she saw him, and to her too he was not the Nicholas
pachymeningitis), and this may be followed by cerebral abscess or by
pacing up and down the drawing room, waiting for the household to
pacing up and down the room, when Natasha, her face distorted by
packages and asked how much he owed.
packed and allowed to heal from the bottom.
packed full and with the horses harnessed, stood at the front door.
packing industry as stable as the production of cotton or corn, and gave
packing the last of his things. Dolokhov was counting the money and
packing--press on the lid, and made desperate efforts herself.
pad, shaking the hare for the blood to drip off, and anxiously
pages, and aides-de-camp. Berthier, his chief of staff, dropped behind
pain and swelling of the joint. In some cases there is sickness, and
pain and tenderness in the gland, which at the same time becomes fixed
pain and tenderness.
pain in the part, and the patient becomes pale, cold, and faint. If a
pain than deep and firm pressure. Stiffness is a variable feature--in
pain, and considerable swelling with congestion, which tends to spread
pain, and is chiefly concerned about the disfigurement. Nothing is more
pain, but is in constant terror of its return, and the face wears an
pain, impairment of movement, and oedema, and sometimes an elongated,
pain, muscular cramp, and weakness of the leg.
pain, redness, transitory swelling from oedema, and subsequent
pain. They spoke little even to one another, and when they did it
pain; his feverishness increased and he grew delirious. Visions of his
painful and intractable form of ulceration, any of which may come on
painful and slow to heal. When hair-bearing areas are affected,
painful swelling rapidly appears in the region of the injury, and, where
painful, and swollen, the swelling spreading to the dorsum. The
painful, and tender, and suppuration occurs in about one-fourth of the
pair at once, and go to Bezukhob's, and tell him 'Count Ilya has
pair of man's gloves he was to wear at the meetings, and finally of
pairs, are called _diplococci_, of which the bacteria of gonorrhoea and
palace in a manner agreeable to yourself, and in so far as
palatal portions of the upper jaws, the vomer, turbinate, and other
pale and his jaw trembled, shivering feverishly. He was placed on
pale and leaned against the wall to keep from falling. To see him,
pale and then blushing.
pale worn face. Alpatych told how he had been sent there and how
pale, and added, "Look at it, young man."
pale, the pupils dilate, respiration becomes laboured, and although the
pale-faced, fair-haired, with narrow light eyes and with calm
paler than normal, but soon assumes a dull red or purplish hue, and
paler, and more manly-looking, but what amazed and estranged Pierre
palliated. The patient must be kept absolutely quiet and free from all
palliative measures, or by ligation of the artery above and below the
palm and dandling him. A blissful bright smile was fixed on the baby's
palm and dorsum of the hand to the ulnar side of a line drawn
palm and the patient is unable to extend it. The treatment consists in
palm, the mushroom, and even the oak, which blossom into full growth
pamphlets, broadsides, and newspapers. When the art of printing was
pamphlets, posters, and handbills. Every public forum, from the great
panes were broken, and of the trees in tubs some were overturned and
papers and still taking no notice of the special messenger.
papers designed to weld together and advance the interests of particular
papers where human affairs and lives were indicated by numbers, Pierre
papilloma and the adenoma; the malignant, the carcinoma or cancer.
papules and faded roseoles is very suggestive of syphilis.
parading their cleanliness and discipline. They had come by easy
parallel with the surface and used with a short, rapid, sawing movement,
paralysed the knee can be flexed by the sartorius and gracilis. The
paralysis and of interference with vision may also be present.
paralysis of the interosseous muscles attached to them; the little and
parent tumour may become separated and be carried off in the lymph or
parents conferring together anxiously and privately and heard
parents, and leave it to me. I will tell her when I can. I wish it
part depending upon an overgrowth of the skin and subcutaneous cellular
part in the action itself and that their activity is exclusively
part is hot and itchy, but the patient does not complain of great pain.
part is then massaged for a few minutes, and the massage is repeated
part like the rest, Dron was made village Elder and overseer of
part of the body, and may not be discovered till the patient is some
part of the leg, and is due to interference with the nutrition of the
part of the patient, because the articular surfaces and ligaments are
part of the tibia. The superficial position of this last branch and its
part of tongue, and the alae nasi, and from the pre-auricular glands. The
part, and defective formation is often associated with atrophy, or more
part, and the inflammatory reaction is not only compatible with the
part, and to ensure that a sufficient supply of fresh, healthy blood
part. "The first and great requisite for the restoration of injured
participate in the events, and who always combine in such a way that
particles of bone are present also. The presence of fat and bony
particular States and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the
particular undertaking, each contributing a sum of money and sharing in
particular woman again crept unobserved into his heart and once more
particularly about the toe-nails and on the scrotum. The treatment
particularly animated and gay. They spoke of personal reminiscences,
particularly brilliant. Cold shivers ran down his spine and his
particularly dismal appearance with its broken roofs and fences, its
particularly fond), and ordinary conversation could again be heard.
particularly fresh and attractive. The music became more and more
particularly grave symptom. Bullae form on the skin, and the tissues
particularly if a sinus is present and mixed infection has occurred; in
particularly liked it in him--and said that his son would not live
particularly strong in the South and West; and the Farmers' Alliance,
particularly the accessory, the vagus, and the phrenic. The
particularly those he knew to be in power and whose aid he might need.
particularly to Anatole and Pierre.
parties, and to place himself at the head of the nation and empire.
parties, stressing issues that appealed mainly to wage-earners and
partitions disappear, and the spaces are thrown into one. The tendon is
partly blocked sebaceous follicle is sometimes visible, and the contents
partly disappear on pressure and when the patient lies down.
partly extended by the interossei and lumbricals. There is also
partly from an increased pain in his head and partly at the unpleasant
partly on the difference in their anatomical structure, and partly on
partner's velvet dress spread out and seemed to flash as she whirled
partner) "are blue, her mouth coral and ivory; her figure" (he glanced
partner, fanning herself and smiling over the fan.
partnerships and individual owners. The growth of these gigantic
parts assume a dull, livid hue. There is swelling and burning or
parts is _rest_," said John Hunter; and physiological and mechanical
parts of the tumour, spicules, needles, and plates, often exhibiting a
parts, lanoline 67 parts, and vaseline 10 parts (Metchnikoff's cream) is
parts, often rough and mountainous, where stood primeval forests of the
parts, such as the eyelid or lip, or by fixing parts and preventing the
party kept "alive the passions and resentments of the late civil war to
party of abuses should remain loyal to it and do their work "on the
party of sound finance and protective tariffs set out upon its lease of
party, casting aside the old and reputable name of Republican, boldly
party. The Kaiser, William II, and the Crown Prince were the symbols of
pas, mon vieux!"* added he, clapping the scared and silent Gerasim
pass by them, when a soldier came up and took hold of the
pass if only the coachman went to the chemist's in the Arbat and got a
pass off within twenty-four hours, and in a few days there is a decided
pass through the skin and lodge in the subcutaneous tissue, or may even
pass, and also that Murat's mistake would very soon be discovered,
passage and will hold her back by force and will and not let the
passage to his Cossack and brought back some bags which contained
passed Smolensk and were drawing nearer and nearer to Moscow.
passed along the lines and an adjutant ran to look for the missing
passed and the doctor had only been afraid of gangrene. That danger
passed it to the servant and got up. All rose and continuing to talk
passed out of power, and the government of the country was intrusted to
passing Bagration and racing one another they rushed in an irregular
passing in a pair of dressing forceps and expanding the blades. A tube,
passing now between himself and that lofty infinite sky with the
passion and stifles truth. On the one hand there is fear and regret
passion for the presidency, and, to reach his goal, it was necessary to
passionate look on her face, and then immediately he saw beside her
passionately and exclusively. This was a plan of campaign he had
passionately and tenderly, and old Mary Ivanovna, who had grown fond
passionately and which had laws she had not fathomed.
passionately desired one thing--to carry away and eat those green
passionately interested in its progress and tried to explain his own
passions--went on as usual, independently of and apart from
passive movements, and the use of the galvanic current. When deformity
past and future hunts, of Rugay and Ilagin's dogs, while Natasha sat
past and under certain conditions.
past has added so much to the wealth, the development of resources, and
past him with bags and charges. The guns of that battery were being
past him--and said, with a laugh: "That must have been a fine tactical
past the count, and it was with this that Daniel's voice was heard
past them. From the left, over fields and bushes, those large balls of
paste, presents pathological and clinical features almost identical with
patch, which becomes discoloured and permeated by black or yellow
patches and condylomata of the secondary period. It is best stained by
patches and ulcers, the sore throat may be characterised by a bluish
patches, ran in to meet the visitors, treading heavily, and vainly
patella, and that between the aponeurosis of the gluteus maximus and the
path, and his Bald Hills and his whole life fell to pieces. Princess
pathogenic organisms, and occurs in the tissues in the form of small,
pathological and clinical features. Some combinations, for example,
patience and time, they will do it all. But the advisers n'entendent
patient and may interfere with sleep. There is no tendency either to
patient becomes pale and anaemic, the temperature may rise to 102 o or
patient complains of persistent aching and stiffness over the buttock,
patient experiences a feeling of stiffness and tightness throughout the
patient himself surrounded by cotton wool and blankets and hot-bottles.
patient is aware of the displacement taking place, and is unable to
patient is ill and feverish, and the pain may be so severe as to prevent
patient is unable to dorsiflex the foot and cannot lift his toes off the
patient looks ill, and is either unable to sleep or the sleep is
patient may become exhausted by pain, discharge, and toxin absorption.
patient must be kept in bed. A dry and non-stimulating diet is
patient should avoid exposure to cold, and taxing his energies by undue
patient sleeps, the hallucinations and tremors cease, and he gradually
patient, a young man, remained well for over two years and was then lost
patient. The appetite is lost; there may be sickness and vomiting and
patients who are bloodless as a result of haemorrhage from gastric and
patients, and are largely due to disuse of the limb; they are recovered
patriot writers devoted themselves to creating and sustaining a public
patronizing talent and virtue: raising worthy men from the dust and
patted Berg on the shoulder, and with parental authority superintended
paved streets of Brunn and found himself surrounded by high buildings,
paw into the narrow neck of a jug, and having seized a handful of nuts
pay five billion dollars in cash and goods, and to make certain other
pay the tax. In Pennsylvania, some of them sacked and burned the houses
pay, new officers arrived, new men and horses, and above all everybody
paying a tax. This, responded Napoleon, was the height of insolence, and
peace that meant American independence. Parliament knew better, and on
peace, and prosperity of the people of the Philippine Islands." Nothing
peace, and that the Minister should command the army, does not love
peace," runs the preamble to the labor section of the treaty, "and such
peaceful occupations, the cavalry feeding the horses and the
peaceful refuge where he could recover himself, rest, and think over
peaks to the sides and, holding his gloves in his hand and walking
pearls and coiffure, and admired the beauty of the shoulders and the
peasant coat, the pistol, and his announcement to the Rostovs that
peasant overcoat, with a big snow-white beard and eyebrows and a ruddy
peasant's coat. He grasped a musket and took aim at the French.
peasant, 'they lie as white as paper, clean, and not as much smell
peasant, or a woman with a baby, has no rest day or night and I give
peasants Karp and Vlas (who after the French had evacuated Moscow
peasants and Dron the village elder, and mentally applying to them the
peasants were rioting and robbing people on their way from Moscow, and
peasants' tastes and aspirations, had learned to talk their
peasants, and stable boys--knew of Franklin and wished him success in
peasants, and women in cloaks and in pelisses--was so eagerly centered
pectoralis minor, along the medial side of the axillary vein, and an
peculiar and exceptional position. When anything particularly
peculiar to joints, for they are met with in tendon sheaths and bursae,
peculiarities. Thus, in virtue of the size and character of the cells,
peculiarity of his speech was its directness and appositeness. It
peculiarly insensitive to pain, and may even walk about with a fractured
pedunculated, and so acquire a limited range of movement. The pedicle
peeped up at him from her sable furs--so close and yet so distant-
peering into their faces with a suppressed smile and failing to
pelvis or in the buttock, and is sometimes associated with disease of
pelvis, the lumbar spine, and the hip-joints.
pelvis, there is usually great enlargement of the bones, and when
penalizing combinations in restraint of interstate and foreign trade. In
penetrate into the cutting and there it was cold and damp, but above
penis has been amputated and the urine has infiltrated the scrotal
pennies and dollars of the masses as well as the thousands of the rich
penny and don't know how to equip Boris." She took out her
pensions for widows, the control of housing in the cities--these and a
people Pierre knew as the meekest and quietest of men walked away
people and more than twenty sat down to table every day. These were
people and of being worried by the curiosity of officers and
people and the privileges of citizens. In the autumn of 1791, Louis XVI
people at the Three Hills to fight the French and now, to get rid of
people away and not leave them with the enemy, and there is an order
people but to the home. She waited on the old countess, petted and
people by distributing arms and broadsheets had taken steps to
people combine in a certain formation in which they all take part, and
people could not be silenced." In 1911 Diaz was forced to resign and
people each might hope for help from his fellows and the definite
people had grown accustomed to him and accepted him. Twice he had
people he is connected with and the more power he has over others, the
people in Italy, Austria, and Prussia. And there too he killed a great
people involuntarily do on entering a large company and was in no
people learning self-reliance and self-government. The attempts to
people of the place and that he might now be lying, recovering or
people said, of a wife who was a celebrated beauty and of millions
people sat with the old, the young with the young, and the hostess
people torn by domestic strife, may be welded into a solid and compact
people who formed part of that municipality and under pretext of
people's minds were tuned to a high pitch and this was too simple
people's war was lifted with all its menacing and majestic strength,
people, Cossacks, and a traveling carriage of the Governor's. At the
people, and attending to her nephew's education. She was sad. Now,
people, and the sight of the swaying smoke, now gathering into thick
people, and with a tranquil conscience carried his head high.
people, but if he did this and that, all would be well; and he did
people, freed and instructed to ride rough shod over Congress and even
people, mounting in numbers toward a hundred million and applied without
people, of you, and of myself.
people, reviews were constantly held and rewards distributed. The
people. He did not contradict Willarski and even seemed to agree
people. When left alone at last he opened and read his wife's letter.
people; and answerable to the people. The people of the United States
people; and looking at the footmen, who were bringing in silver and
people? She had to endure and love, and that she did.
per cent., and the amount injected about 2 c.c.; a general, or
per cent.; large mononuclear and transitional leucocytes, 2 to 4 per
perceive its plain and terrible meaning, these causes seem
perceptibly. He was silent, and she did not know what to say. She
perchloride and biniodide of mercury, and various chlorine preparations
percussion, or by compressing the bone between the fingers and thumb.
perfect rule for the direction and government of all men."
perfection, and in the possibility of active brotherly love among men,
perfection? Had he not established schools and hospitals and liberated
perfectly first-rate comrade and officer--in a word, a splendid man
perfectly rational and virtuous man. Had Speranski sprung from the
perfectly regular, and are characteristic in that they remain the same
perforated and a cold abscess, often much larger than the gland from
perforated in many places and the solid organs lacerated.
perforates the fibrous layer of the periosteum, invading and infecting
perforations often occur through the skin, and a thin, watery discharge,
perform the noblest role on earth, and he is so virtuous and noble
performance of the action and our judgment of it.
perfume, and the creaking of her corset as she moved. He did not see
perhaps for years, torn away by federal officers and carried back to
peri-articular fat and between muscles and tendons. It may be tough and
period for which he shall have been elected, and he shall not receive
period, and although presenting a superficial resemblance to
period, have passed, and my resolution is firmer than ever. If the
periods, and has little or no tendency to become malignant. It is
periosteal gumma breaks down and invades the skin, a syphilitic ulcer is
periosteum and marrow of circumscribed gummata or of a diffuse gummatous
periosteum gives way, and an abscess forms in the soft parts; and if
periosteum may be localised and result in the formation of a
periosteum, and at first form a projection on the surface, but later
periosteum, so that in time the bone is increased in girth, and is said
periosteum; and _growth fever_, in which the child complains of vague
perished in the fire, and demanded relief. And Count Rostopchin
perished there were fewer Frenchmen than Hessians and Bavarians.
peritendinous and perimuscular cellular tissue which is subject to the
peritoneum, the intestine, the kidney, prostate and testis, and in the
permanent hospital and arrangements would be made for the sick, and
permanently altered in shape, the frontal and parietal eminences
permanently occludes the vessel as above described. The ligature and the
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
permission. Yet all the same this information astonished and irritated
permits, and so on--that Pierre became quite bewildered and only
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.
perpetual peace and the abolition of war, and secondly, by the fact
perpetual. Lawyers and political philosophers were much perturbed and
perplexity of Bonaparte's successes just as before and saw in them and
perplexity to the unfamiliar Polish accent and not realizing that
perplexity. The countess and Sonya cried from pity for Natasha and
persist because of the presence of tuberculous tissue in its wall, and
persistent than the roseoles. They vary in size and distribution, being
persistently, and as it seemed to Princess Mary merely to offend
persists as long as any active tubercle remains in the tissues, and is
person voted for as Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists
person), were Nicholas and Sonya, the niece. Sonya was a slender
person. "Pretty, a good voice, young, and in nobody's way if only they
personage, acquaintance with all Petersburg, and his court service
personal and political abuse.
personal interview was refused, and instead of the Sovereign, Prince
personal property--jewels, money, furniture, and the like--became her
personal will to it. The hatred and contempt of the crowd punish
personalities, and the less was it possible to arrive at any general
persons accused of crimes or trial beyond the seas, and beseeching the
persons after middle life, and in many instances is associated with
persons, and therefore when describing some single state they assume
perspiring and stained with blood and powder. The cannon balls flew
persuaded him to return. She wrote that if he did not come and take
persuading her; and she should have kept him talking till cockcrow,
perturbed face, shook his head, and going up to him silently kissed
petitioners. They all had business with Pierre and wanted decisions
petitions, memorials, and addresses respecting the plantations. In 1696
peur, on ne vous fera pas de mal,"* he added shyly and affectionately,
phalanges and metacarpal bones. When growing in the interior of a bone
phantoms and reflections of real life, went on in its old way and made
pharyngeal lymphoid tissue and tonsils, and by way of the lymph vessels
pharynx or larynx and the associated lymph glands in the neck, and be
phenomena of life, and I see that however much and however carefully I
philology, and geology, which directly contradict its assumptions.
philosophers, and poets). Secondly, it is assumed that the goal toward
philosophy of history can and should follow a path contrary to that
phosphates, and other natural resources while authorizing corporations
phrase: "Born and educated in this country, I glory in the name of
phrases, marshals and adjutants had come galloping up with
physical and mental condition of the men, the facilities for affording
physical effect upon Pierre; it constricted his limbs and destroyed
physical fatigue far better than many very muscular men, and on the
physical privation and strain he had suffered as prisoner until
physical strength and health, of which he had till then been
physical weariness of his aged body and of the necessity of physical
physically calm and, as always happens, as soon as he became
physician, was repeatedly summoned to see him. At headquarters and
physiological, psychological, and historical causes of the action, and
physiology and zoology, for in a frog, a rabbit, or an ape, we can
picked up a book, and if anyone came to see him he was glad.
pictured every detail of her face and smile, and did not wish to
pictured to himself a future with Sonya, and that was all clear and
pictures and new furniture sat Berg and his wife. Berg, closely
pictures had been taken down. There were trunks in the rooms, and hay,
pictures that caught and held the attention of millions of readers.
picturesque than the other; the serfs everywhere seemed thriving and
picturesqueness of the chimney stacks and tumble-down walls of the
picturing fearlessly the political rings and machines which dominated
pieces, after which the wound rapidly heals and resumes a normal
piercing and desperate shrieks. He was told by his fellow officers
piety and virtue, and thereby try with all our might to combat the
pigment throughout the tissues. There is no putrefaction, and therefore
pigment; on its surface, and in parts of the articular cartilage, there
pigmentation of the skin and with multiple tumours of the nerve-trunks.
pigmentation of the skin of the face, neck, and trunk, similar to those
pilgrims and Princess Mary's helpless attempts to protect them were
pillars and drove up the avenue leading to the house as if he were
pillows and his Roman nose emitted sounds of rhythmic snoring.
pillows and waited until Natasha, after turning over a couple of
pillows one at a time and shaking them.
pink dress under her, hiding her face with her slender fingers, and
pint of saline solution should be introduced into the rectum, and 10 to
pioneering in the Northwest and on the middle border. As the long
pioneers and settlers who had long given such a bent and tone to
pioneers held a mass meeting and agreed upon a plan of government. "We,
pioneers of English and Scotch-Irish descent, the latter in great
pistol and, instead of firing it, flung it at the Frenchman and ran
pistol, and hid it under his waistcoat.
piteous, frightened face and bent down.
piteously, and his moaning sounded terrible in the darkness of the
pithy and pregnant phrases of which their speech is full, all mean
pitiful groans from all sides and the torturing pain in his thigh,
pitted, grooved, and worm-eaten appearance, except on the periosteal
pity and love for that man overflowed his happy heart.
pity her and how could he speak like that in her presence? The only
pity me. Yet I was once at home, strong, happy, and loved." He
place a crowd of bees, crushing one another, attack some victim and
place a mile and a half from the house.)
place among the great American state papers; and when Lincoln of
place arranged near the watchman's hut in the forest, and told the
place before them. From the tents came now loud angry cries and now
place lay in the personal struggle between himself and Alexander.)
place unequally, and may go on more rapidly in one half of the disc than
place until the dead bone is removed, and the usefulness of the finger
place! We passed close to the park and saw two deer... and what a
place, and in the process toxins are formed by the organisms, a certain
place, and it seems probable that they are to be attributed chiefly to
place, moreover, among the wisest and weightiest treatises on government
place. A splinter driven underneath the nail causes great pain, and if
placed a stone under one of its tireless hind wheels, and began
placed in a "fish-kettle steriliser" and boiled for fifteen minutes in a
placed in the hair, the hair combed up, and the blue scarf arranged
placed in the sitting posture so as to empty the veins, and, instead of
places and new people that interested him. The more interesting his
places of power and responsibility." They alleged that the Republican
places the farmers from the countryside learned of British policies and
plain that the enemy was everywhere in flight and that there could and
plain we may make to ourselves the connection between the man and
plain, and most legitimate questions humanity asks itself when it
plainly say that the campaign of 1812 and other things they do not
plainly shown before had now quite passed off. With a deep and
plainly visible as if but a stone's throw away, and the movements of
plait, sighed, and went on her short, bare feet along the path. Pierre
plait, was pulling it straight and sniffing at her singed hair. The
plan was adopted to lure Napoleon into the depths of Russia, and
plan, were already up and astir. The smoke of the campfires, into
planks were clear and specific: the abolition of imprisonment for debt,
planks, beams, and battens, and led him into one of them. In the
plans and profound scientific knowledge and in that respect Pfuel
plans made by the engineers. Having the towns ready and railway and
plant. For these reasons, the Federation declared company unions and
plantation economy for villages and towns with their stores and
plantation while the General was at the front and went north to face the
plantations in European markets, and navigation acts might confine the
plantations in such a way as to foster the commercial and business
planted, should run to the gate and hit the cow on the head. The
planter who built and managed it." As in England, Catholics and
planters and manufacturers. Accordingly lines were flung down along the
planters of the West and South were heavily in debt to the East for
planters themselves were burdened with debts and handicapped by lack of
planters, keepers of lonely posts on the plain and the desert, stage
planters. The tariff by creating a home market and increasing
planting system which had direct commercial relations with the North and
plashed against something. The Cossacks and Dolokhov galloped after
plaster should be left on from eight to ten hours, and if it has failed
plates, knives, and glasses mingled with the animated hum of several
play at war. We ought to accept this terrible necessity sternly and
played a game of boston, and at night she had the newspapers or a
played at war--that's what's vile! We play at magnanimity and all that
played cards with her and picked up her reticule and drove out with
played his part was ended and felt that his mission was
played its own part, and before it had finished the melody merged with
played with the hair of the bared heads and with the ribbons
playful manner often employed by lively chatty people, and
playing like that, and Pierre was released. Natasha on one side was
playing. Natasha had been listening to those strains for some time and
plea of sorting the deceased's books and papers, only in search of
plea was granted and Minnesota showed her gratitude three years later by
pleas of Washington prevented an early and open break between them. In
pleasant and comforting. Pierre did not understand what his benefactor
pleasant face and resonant though not loud voice, attracted everyone's
pleasant smile and his large, gentle brown eyes were also round.
pleasant, refined ways, and the state of dove-like purity she was
please be so good as to set off for Kaluga on receipt of this, and
please him. He must think that I, too, am afraid of him--and in fact I
pleased to be riding alone with three hussars into that mysterious and
pleasurable and exhilarating effect on Rostov than the previous sounds
pleasure a piece of bread with some tea, and the doctor noticed that
pleasure and I won't allow it to be said!"
pleasure given by real women gifted with a capacity to select and
pleasure of seeing her. Kuragin was much more sensible and simple with
pleasure to him, and he thought of the horse, of the morning, of the
pleasure), the footmen began popping corks and filling the champagne
pleasure, a habit, and a necessity to Dolokhov.
pleasure, and why though he grudged spending money on cards or
pleasures and advantages of service under members of the Imperial
pleura, and bronchial tubes, or the brain, the disease is not amenable
pleura, and tendon sheaths.
pleurisy--especially in burns of the thorax; or meningitis and
plighted its word and that no excuses or delays would be tolerated.
plow. A hint was sufficient. Singly, in pairs, and in groups, settlers
plows, and machinery. Nearly all the goods which they bought in Europe
plumes flowing and his gems and gold lace glittering in the bright
plump white shoulders and neck, round which she wore a double string
plums without being caught--and Prince Andrew shared their wish for
plunder and slaughter one another, triumph and are plunged in despair,
plunder were stopped by the authorities and made to cart the corpses
plunge him into the depths of unknown and undefined misery. That could
plunging, swaying gait into the crowd and stopped behind the priest.
pneumonia are examples (Fig. 5). When they divide irregularly, and form
pneumonia which is prone to follow on severe operations in the mouth and
pocket and drew out his pocketbook.
pockets and lifting his eyebrows, looked at Denisov in affright, but
poetic world and the look she felt upon her made that world still more
point is that this opinion was widely held in the South and with the
point, Vasili Dmitrich," and he also turned to Rostov. "One has to
pointed halfway down his chest) "and go and eat potatoes with the
pointed out the national character of the union, and announced his
pointing to Nicholas, "his friend Boris has become an officer, and
pointing to notes, projects, and letters which contain hints of such a
pointing to the broken sealing wax and pens.
pointing to the fichu with a happy and kindly smile.
points along the coast and gave ready access to the American centers of
points of attachment to the skeleton, and are known as false exostoses;
points of view: first its _cause_, and second its _present condition_.
points, and eventually breaks, giving exit to a quantity of thick
points, larger, peri-lymphangitic nodules may form and break down into
poisoning in man and other animals. By means of two recurved fangs
pole of a galvanic battery is attached to the wire, and the negative
police, and twenty commissaries or captains of wards have been
policies and conduct of their leaders. In 1872, the dissenters, calling
policies and undertake its own program of reconstruction.
policies were united with domestic issues to make up the warp and woof
policy of concentrating civilians in military camps, and finally a
policy should be at all times firm, vigorous, and dignified and all our
poliomyelitis, many fibres undergo fatty degeneration and are replaced
polite and evidently understood Balashev's importance. He led him past
politeness and affected sympathy of which indifference and even
political and religious liberty for themselves and their children.
political and social topics were ended and the time had come for
political dissensions arose, and by 1872 the experiment had come to an
political economy and fearlessly champion a system of increased
political friendship or enmity with Napoleon Bonaparte and from all
political news and common acquaintances like people who do not know
political parties to endorse and carry through Congress the federal
political philosophy, and the arts of war, government, and diplomacy
political principles and passed on the findings of that scrutiny in
political strength of states and nations increases or decreases.
political wrong, if done as alleged, by the people of a state and by the
politicians sow dissensions in the army and among civilians? Lincoln
politicians" as "demagogues," "levellers," and "rag, tag, and bobtail";
politics an increase of American power and prestige through war, sought
politics became "bad form" among fashionable women. The clerks and
politics, and led to a powerful lobby at Washington in favor of
pollard trees, looking black on one side and with a silvery light on
pollicis, but the movement may be simulated by the long flexor and
polonaise. Natasha felt that she would be left with her mother and
poly-articular disease; and it is also met with in the joints of the
polygamy were raised in the colony and at the seat of authority three
polymorph leucocytes, and proliferated connective tissue and endothelial
pomaded hair, perfumed, and in a new uniform, looking just as smart as
pond. The ice gave way under one of the foremost soldiers, and one leg
poorer classes in large cities, who are improperly fed and are brought
popular opinion in favor of quick, drastic, and positive action,
popular plays, "Figaro" and "The Barber of Seville." These two men had
population of [Northern] merchants, shipowners, capitalists, and others
population was made up of plain farmers and their families engaged in
population. Even in the Middle colonies of Delaware and Pennsylvania
population. Oppressed by their financial burdens and discouraged by the
population. The states ratified the amendment and early in 1913 it was
populations concerned; fair and friendly treatment of Russia; the
porch to question him, and immediately after the elder had given a few
porch. The gentlemen of the Emperor's suite ran down the stairs and
porch. There was a smell of decaying leaves and of dog. Milka, a
porridge and carrying fuel. He sent for an officer. The officer
porridge cookers. In one company dinner was ready, and the soldiers
portages for the settlers and their families from the states "back
portend all kinds of woes and the end of the world. In Pierre,
portion of them were Protestants. The language, the law, and the
portion yields before the pressure of the blood, and a sacculated
portions of Louisiana, Minnesota, North Dakota, Colorado, Montana, and
portions of costal cartilage and of bone.
portmanteau and my dressing gown. The Emperor proposes to give all
portmanteaus and not greeting anyone. "The young ladies'? There to the
portrait and gave her attention chiefly to the box for cards.
portrait, rose, and recalled de Beausset and the officer on duty. He
ports and to confiscate American ships engaged in carrying French goods.
ports as Liverpool and Bristol. The statistical records of that time are
ports held by alien powers except the few free ports; and that there
ports, by an overwhelming weight of men and materials, and by relentless
ports, paying duties to the government and commissions to merchants
position and acquaintances, tried to fathom the character of the
position as an ambush, that they should not be seen and might be
position as much as possible so as to be nearer to the soldiers and
position from the village of Novoe to Utitsa, and consequently had
position his wife occupied in court circles. He was gloomy and
position in clear and ringing phrases: "In accepting by the treaty of
position localised by means of the X-rays, all devitalised and
position of the army at Fili and assume that the commander in chief
position on seeing Boris. The one who was writing and whom Boris
position on the left flank and the shifting of the whole field of
position presents itself in the form of an aimless and senseless
position to employ that "firm, vigorous, and dignified" foreign policy
position trying, and had grown quite reconciled to her lot as a
position was awkward and uncomfortable, and her burden oppressed her
position which had not been foreseen and was not fortified. By
position, and in young subjects the growth of the limb may be interfered
position, and the least attempt at movement causes severe pain; the
position, raised his head and began to speak. A throng of officers
position, stretching out and beating her head against the wall.
positions they had passed were stronger, and that the position at
positive and outspoken. "The state of feeling here," wrote Mr. Hay, then
possess of ingesting bacteria and of destroying them by a process of
possessed by some idea, he stood over those who were singing, and
possessed in full purity and strength.
possessed of a Helen. "But no doubt it always is and must be so!" he
possession by a foreign power was inimical to American interests, and
possibilities of unloading this or that and letting the wounded have
possibility had now become absolutely necessary and inevitable. He
possibility of being useful and in the possibility of happiness or
possibility of love and happiness between Natasha and Pierre, and
possibility of, and passionately desired, the regeneration of the
possibility, but only to prove his own rectitude and power and
possible because of the want of definition and encapsulation, but it is
possible from the history and from the nature of the enlargement. Signs
possible from the political and clever talk which everyone addressed
possible line of action--the one Kutuzov and the general mass of the
possible malice on any innocent citizen on the merest suspicion, and to
possible naturally looked upon their work and pronounced it good. Those
possible or impossible, she did not ask and did not want to know: it
possible representation in Congress, and at the same time to restrain
possible sign a receipt for such and such stores received. If not,
possible, and then all will be right, as our bear huntsman at Kostroma
possible, as it is apt to increase the excitement and exhaust the
possible, but only which was the better match and how the matter would
possible, it was Natasha and he loved her.
possible, pleasant, and easy.
post made a half turn and went past it at a measured pace. The
post station), and again embraced his sister.
post, so he had come to Petersburg to look for one and also, as he
post-house overseers, the peasants on the roads and in the villages-
posterior nerve roots, the nerves within the vertebral canal, and the
posterity who view the thing that happened in all its magnitude and
postilions, and scullions stood at the gate, staring at the wounded.
postpone joining up and coming under Barclay's command as long as he
posts, and yard, but now they were all bluish, lit up, and
potassium and mercury, and the local application of black wash. When the
potent force in the origin and growth of self-government in a land far
potman, and a Moscow burgher called Karpushka Chigirin, "who--having
pouched varicose vein--the blood coagulates _en masse_, and the clot
pour her own knowledge quickly and easily into the child--who was
pour out to him his indignation against the French and especially
poverty, and was therefore out of sorts, a state of mind which with
poverty, misery, slums, dirt, and disease almost beyond imagination. The
poverty, slums, and misery of great cities. Others took up "frenzied
powder and some pills in a pretty box of a ruble and seventy kopeks,
powder smoke and stopped in despair. Everything seemed lost. But at
powder to the front, and carrying dispatches at the peril of their
power and affection. Indeed, a large part of the rank and file had been
power and prestige of the federal government were enhanced beyond
power and the sympathies, interests, and prejudices of nations and their
power and watched with anxiety any developments likely to bring them
power and will to select one sequence of thoughts or events on which
power because he held court and meted out justice, in some instances
power in the executive and legislative branches of the government, he
power is itself a force producing events. Gervinus, Schlosser, and
power of voluntary movement, and then exercises should be instituted.
power that he is terrible, and now he has this authority of a
power that threatened to dominate Europe and the World.
power to coin money and it forbade the states to make anything but gold
power to regulate foreign and interstate commerce.
power was leading him forward, and experienced great happiness.
power, as a willful aggression upon its rights and interests, the
power; that is, evil practices and corrupt conduct on the part of some
powers." The effect of this declaration was immediate and profound. Men
pp. 420-422, 434-437; Jenks and Lauck, _Immigration Problems_, Commons,
practical and logical. Nor was it founded on theory, for it came fresh
practical in its objects and methods. It avoided all kinds of
practical man and condemn dreamers; now that of a satirist, and
practically negligible, and the risk of anaphylactic shock attending
practice has been to perform amputation well above the growth, and this
practice, and it became necessary to bring an attorney all the way from
practised with success in the hip, knee, elbow, and temporo-mandibular
praise and commendation are essential, just as grease is necessary
praising Natasha's beauty. She looked at Natasha's dresses and praised
prattle of young girls ready for anything and full of hope-
pray God, monsieur le Prince Koutouzov, to keep you in His holy and
pray as Natasha and I used to as children, that the snow might turn
pray as he had not done for a long time. Tears were in his eyes and in
pray for aid to God and His saint.
pray. "Yes, prayer can move mountains, but one must have faith and not
prayer might help her daughter more than medicines and, though not
preach--out of the pulpit first, and finally in it.
preached on earth and which Princess Mary taught me and I did not
precedes it is due to the fact that when the event has taken place and
precious object above his head and, holding it there for some seconds,
precisely the same conditions, and not only at the same hour but at
predecessors, Germans as they were in language and interest, had allowed
predetermined, and that wriggle as he might, he would be what all in
predilection for the tibia, sternum, and skull. They differ from
predominate; the patient is dull and listless, or he may be restless and
preferable and more advantageous to live in the count's house than
pregnancy and felt sorry for her and for himself, and in a nervously
pregnancy, and the administration to the child after its birth of food
pregnant princess, and stared fixedly at her through his eyeglass.
prejudices against their activities and demands slowly gave way.
premiers: David Lloyd George, Georges Clemenceau, and Vittorio Orlando.
preoccupied and gloomy. From all this talk he saw only one thing: that
preoccupied. He drank reluctantly, tried to remain alone, and kept
preparation and giving orders, for which everyone came to her,
preparation for a winter campaign and, on the other, the character
preparations had been made, the same dispositions, and the same
preparations made for the sacrament of unction, and in his house there
preparations of iron and lime may be added with advantage. To avoid
prepared dead cultures of the causative organisms, and is based on the
prepared for a combined military and naval demonstration on their own
prepared that so agitated society--abolishing court ranks and
prepared the surprise, having placed something on the chairs and
prepared, an officer was summoned and sent to deliver them to
preparing men of firmness and virtue bound together by unity of
prepatellar and subdeltoid bursae, or in one of the bursae over the great
prepatellar bursa is subjected to friction and pressure, only a small
prepuce, and if there are abrasions on the surface with which it comes
prepuce, and is tender on pressure. As under these conditions it is
prerogative. Printing was restricted to Oxford, Cambridge, and London;
prescribed by law, sustained by taxes imposed on all, and favored by the
prescribed in the military code, which he and the others knew in the
presence I may rather see my own vileness, and behave so that he too
presence expressed their wonder at how it had all happened, and at the
presence in the wall of the abscess and of the sinus, of tuberculous
presence of the _filaria Bancrofti_ in the vessels, and is observed
presence of young Nicholas, who had gone into my study and broke all
presence were talking loudly and gesticulating. In front of them
presence, and the women who were breathlessly longing to be asked to
presence, passed in step before the Emperors and their suites at a
present Emperor--more than once in Paris, and tells me he never met
present I am free and am all right. Only I haven't the least idea what
present activity, and guide him in planning his future actions. Just
present en garcon (as he phrased it), was also there and, though not
present in the lower extremity, namely, extension of the foot and leg
present malignant features, and it can usually be extirpated by local
present wide variations in structure and in clinical features.
present, their evening had begun very well and was as like as two peas
presented a draft of a constitution. Long and desultory debates followed
presented for redemption and the gold was quickly carried out at the
presented him with bread and salt and an icon of Saint Peter and Saint
presented itself to her mind for the first time and she did not know
presented to foreign powers was drawn up, and Franklin, Arthur Lee, and
presented to her, as an advantageous background to his elegant and
presents and dinner parties to the whole district on name days;
preservation and handing on to posterity of a certain important
preservation of the rights of the Indians against fraud and abuses.
preserved all that was good in it--equality of citizenship and freedom
presidency and an issue for the campaign, warmly supported the
pressed close to the wall to let Pierre and Anna Mikhaylovna pass
pressed him still harder with proofs of the impossibility and above
pressed so that he could scarcely breathe, and everybody shouted,
pressed two fingers more and more rigidly to his cap, as if in this
pressed upon as it hooks round the arch of the aorta, and hoarseness of
pressed upon his countrymen the necessity of uniting East and West by a
presses on the vertebrae and erodes them, the symptoms simulate those of
pressure being applied by dressings and an elastic webbing bandage. Even
pressure of ill-fitting boots, and are met with chiefly on the toes and
pressure of the effused blood occludes the veins and leads to congestion
pressure on the growers of cotton and tobacco and the other great
pressure, and in the case of a limb to elevate it. Should the haemorrhage
pressure, and in the fact that it can be massaged away (Stockman). It
pressure, must be sponged with soap and water, thoroughly dried, and
pressure, perforating ulcers are met with on the sides and dorsum of the
pressure. If the stitches be cut, pus escapes, the wound gapes, and its
pressure. Inflammatory and suppurative changes may take place as a
pretended not to hear him and did not stop but rode on and on,
pretending. Shall I have a talk with him and see what he thinks?"
pretense and falsehood or useless condemnation and anger directed
pretensions of this circle grated on colonial nerves, and privileges
prettiest there. Do come, dear countess, and give me this flower as
pretty young women, married and unmarried, impatiently awaiting his
pretty--so rapturous were their smiles and so sparkling their eyes.
pretty. She struck those who saw her by her fullness of life and
prevailed, free and universal education, laws protecting the safety and
prevails and those in which form prevails. To the latter--as
prevent a grossly injured portion of skin dying, and will ensure
prevent its spread. Alcohol is used to cleanse the broken surface, and
prevent movement, and steps must be taken to reduce its functional
prevent syncope. Attempts to withdraw the air by suction, and the
prevent the further production of toxins in the wound, and to neutralise
prevent the ingress and egress of all ships; but such a blockade, to be
prevented Rostov from returning home as he had promised and marrying
prevented by cleansing of the skin and by the use of clean under-linen.
prevented from healing by the rigidity of the chest wall, and will only
preventing reaction. It is in the general appearance of the patient and
prevents my riding and commanding so vast an army, so I have passed on
prevents regurgitation. Valves are absent from the superior and inferior
previous day, and her talk with Dron and at the meeting, had
previous occasion, yet both would be right. He liked to talk and he
previous summer and had lost her way in the big forest. She
previous traditions of war. The burning of towns and villages, the
previously and as he did subsequently in 1813. His activity at that
previously tormented and preoccupied him suddenly became illumined
price of the goods they had to buy and was thus in fact a tribute laid
price which staggered even Lord North and George III. Moreover, there
pricking its ears at the noise and looking at the lights. The shouting
pride, and the more he pitied his friend the more did he think with
pride, the vested rights of state and village politicians in their
priest's back, and without crossing himself (he was evidently a
priest, and that stupid people might meanly despise him on account
primaries, the initiative, referendum, and recall, popular election of
primary focus of disease, and their course and disposition can only be
primary injuries include contusion, partial or complete division, and
primary multiple growths are occasionally met with in the skin and in
primary, and the recall of elective officials. In an address before the
primary, and then they bound the legislatures to abide by the popular
prince and princess were at home.
prince lay. Several times, waking up, she heard his groans and
prince's death, noticed an agitation among the peasants, and that
prince's room. The doctor came out with an agitated face and said
prince, stepping on his heels, paced up and down his study and sent
princess and Prince Vasili she spoke disapprovingly, but in whispers
princess had caught a glimpse of the man she had known and loved,
princess quite changed toward Pierre and began knitting a striped
princess rose. "It's now two o'clock and you dine at four. There
princess which had lost all dignity, and at the twitching cheeks of
princess' face. She took it quickly and bent her head over it.
princess' health and then led Pierre along a stone passage. The
princess, asked her to speak out fully and confide her grief to him;
princess, he saw which way the wind was blowing, and his low opinion
princess, his wife, and his beautiful daughter Helene.
princess, plump and rosy, was sitting in an easy chair with her work
princess. (In accordance with Lise's and Prince Andrew's wishes they
princess. Pierre concluded that this also was essential, and after a
princesses Aline and Sophie sit whole days with me, and we, unhappy
principal agents in the process of phagocytosis (p. 22), and together
principally in the unnaturalness of his relation to the woman and in a
principle of love, the more he renounced life and the more
principle was extended in 1898 and again in 1913, and under the
principle which is fundamentally just and vital to the successful
principles and giving a new direction to agriculture and industry.
principles of the shipping act of 1916, ships and shipyards were brought
printing and writing paper to the Valley will be a blessing to
prison for aiding fugitives from justice. Yet perils and prisons did not
prisoner to escape from all this horror and misery; but on the one
prisoner, and a general who has been on reconnaissance, all describe
prisoners and guns secured, the booty divided--not without some
prisoners and marking off each hundred with a chalk line on the gate.
prisoners and placed alone in a small, ruined, and befouled church.
prisoners and read out the sentence in Russian and in French.
prisoners and so rendering their own plight still worse, treated
prisons, government offices, churches, and cathedrals. The longer
private and had not seen fit to recognize him. But now that Kutuzov
private fortunes of great magnitude," the Populists and the Democrats
private interests, and they were the very people whose activities at
privateers which, in spite of the disasters of the Nile and Trafalgar,
privately supported Mr. Bryan. In 1908, he came out openly and boasted
privations. So both those who knew and those who did not know deceived
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States.
privileges and immunities of citizens of the United States, and declared
probably because they are more liable to exposure, to injury, and to
probably depends on its depressing action on the heart and its
problem and frowning, now suddenly shrugging his shoulders and
problems and learned to cooperate with one another in enforcing the
problems beyond the Alleghanies. The West was rising in population and
problems connected with the growth of trusts and railways, the
problems of colonial administration and difficulties in adjusting trade
procedure and to the end of his days believed that the new drift into
procedure he quit the practice, followed by Washington and Adams, of
proceedings now. Now is the seed-time of Continental union, faith, and
proceedings of a tumultuous and riotous rabble who ought, if they had
process (zygoma) in front of the ear; and the facial against the
process begins in the arterial walls, and spreads thence to the
process goes on with great rapidity, and even extensive wounds may be
process may go, however, and its effects on the part implicated and on
process of self-education, and their keen interest in public issues is
process, and is described elsewhere.
process; it becomes invaded by leucocytes and proliferating endothelial
processes, as well as to counteract the local and general effects of the
processions, and monster demonstrations filled the land with politics.
proclaimed it "the right and duty of Congress to prohibit in the
procured a coachman's coat and cap for Pierre, and promised to get him
procuring a conveyance and horses, and above all he remembered his
produce (incommensurable with ordinary human capabilities), and then
produce buyers, in the first instance, and through them to the farmers
produce southward to the plantations and outward to Europe. Therefore,
produce the destructive lesions of the skin, mucous membranes, and
produced by heat in being almost painless, and in healing very slowly,
produced by the others so devitalise the tissue cells, and diminish
produced the Liberal Republican outbreak in the seventies and the
produced. Pain, disturbances of sensation, and muscular paralyses may
produces electricity. Atoms attract each other and atoms repel one
production of commodities by promoting the efficiency and happiness of
production of naval stores, rice, sugar, tobacco, and cotton, the
professed. It had opposed all pomp and ceremony, calculated to give
professions of law and medicine. By the rapid growth of public high
professions; of their hereditary wealth and of their culture." The act
profit from exclusive ownership, and produce by common labor the food
profound air and in silence, nodded with approval or shook his head
profound degree of shock, and there may or may not be any external
profoundest depths of her heart had a hidden dream and hope that
profuse diarrhoea; and the patient emaciates rapidly. The skin is
profuse ichorous discharge from the nostrils, and sometimes severe
profuse perspiration, which leaves him pale, weak, and exhausted. He
program of the government, and it reminded other powers that the
progress is quite visible from hour to hour, and may be traced by the
progress more rapidly, and also lack the characteristic margin. The
progress of ulceration of cartilage and of articular caries. These
progress, civilization, and culture. Postulating some generalization
progress, the value of domestic manufactures including mines and
progresses slowly, and finally reaches a free surface--generally the
progressing in the direction of calcification, and this is followed by
progressing, and remains high during the febrile period, but there is no
progression; and that crossing of the Berezina about which so much has
progressive, and has as its primary object the expulsion of the irritant
project from the inner table and press upon the brain.
project into the cavity of the joint, are often pedunculated, and may
projectiles, groans and cries, and smelled blood and powder, and a
projections, and slipping between the legs of the generals she
projects, counsels, threats, and deceptions and is continually obliged
projects. I began to criticize them, but remembered my rules and my
proliferation of the endothelium and increase in the connective tissue
proliferation of the intra-muscular connective tissue and a gradual
prolonged administration of tuberculin, and by repeated exposures to the
prolonged orthopaedic treatment and a series of operations--arthroplasty,
prominence, in royal councils, two men bent on taxing America and
prominent eyes were gazing calmly and fixedly at her, Natasha, to
prominent feature, attended with flail-like movements and with coarse
prominent symptom, and is largely referable to the pressure of the
prominent, and on exposed parts this may prove a source of
promise to put an end to slavery agitation and to crush the abolition
promised his readers that he would be "harsh as truth and uncompromising
promised in her heart to do better and to accomplish the impossible-
promised to devote all his belongings to his neighbor, and doubts on
promises had been made assumed a legal, official form and became
promoted captain, and when the regiment was put on war footing with an
promoted in a few days for his last reconnoitering expedition, and
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
promptitude and accuracy and had arranged his money matters very
pronouncing French with evident difficulty, and speaking even slower
proper sheaths; they therefore tend to remain open when divided, and to
properties. Efficient drainage must be provided, and stitches should be
property in slaves insecure and thus destroy the institution. This
property of Tories was confiscated and sold, bringing in about
property qualifications should be placed on members of Congress and
property which he should have removed, was still in Moscow and it
property, exceeded all bounds of decency, and once more raised the old
prophesied in protests loud and long from every quarter of the
proportionate to its physical properties, and so long as it does not
proportionately increased in frequency, and is small, feeble, and often
proportioned to the idiosyncrasies of the patient, and it is advisable,
proportions and different degrees of development, arising from
proposals which had so pleased him were wrong and that he must go to
proposals, based on strategics and tactics, contradict each other.
proposed and Count Ilya Rostov became more and more moved, more
proposed certain amendments to the Constitution and adjourned. At the
proposed going to his estates in the south and there attending to
proposed that plan to Barclay de Tolly and now wished to propose it to
proposing some scheme or other and has crawled into the enemy's picket
proprietary constitution for these our bargain and sale proceedings in
proprietary council and ordered to apologize for a political article,
proprietor's goods and packing them on the carts, and Dron,
proprietors and companies to bid for their enterprise by selling land in
propriety. It was evident that Kutuzov despised cleverness and
prospect of any great change and that all the danger he spoke of
prosperity among ourselves, agree to adopt the following laws and
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
protected by sterilised gloves, and kept in absolute alcohol. Before an
protected from injury and irritation in the substance of an internal
protecting and securing the said colonies and plantations ... and for
protection and advancement of their common cause. Aided by those
protection, public health, public works, and public utilities. Some one
protection. When the colonies were established, both merchants and
protective leucocytosis, and also of stimulating the formation of scar
protective processes, and it usually continues until the condition
protective tariffs, a sound monetary and banking system, the promotion
protege, but Prince Dolgorukov politely and firmly pressing his hand
protegee Natasha and Prince Andrew accentuated his gloom by the
protested and Cromwell had battled in England.
proud and shrewd rulers of France, feeling that their part is played
proud, inexperienced, and stubborn king. For nearly fifty years his
prove locally destructive, and, in such situations as the larynx, even
prove that I remember the family's goodness to me and that I love
proverbs, and because his voice shook when he said: 'What they have
proves fatal by rupture, and intracranial haemorrhage. The treatment is
provide for him. And he looked on this visit to a churlish old man and
provinces now occupied by the enemy, and thereby averting danger
provinces the governor, the judges, and the high officers fled in haste,
provincial dignity, and the scarcity of men with a large outlook upon
provincials for taxation, it resorted mainly to loans and paper money to
provincials; to announce high national doctrines in foreign affairs; and
provisions, the sick, and the wounded.
proximal phalanges are supported, the second and third phalanges may be
pseudo-healers, wise women, homeopaths, and allopaths. They
psychological, and historical laws deduced by observation and by which
public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of every other State. And
public appointments, passing the autumn and spring in the fields on
public control, and that the issue of stocks and bonds must be approved
public debate, and deeply interested in science and philosophy,
public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed
public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed
public favor. He was in the bloom of youth; his person and address were
public houses and cookshops. Prices too that day indicated the state
public with a program for absolute independence, without fears and
published," recounted Bitski, emphasizing certain words and opening
pucker into deep folds and his eyebrows were lifted, then his eyebrows
puckered his face, screwed up his eyes, and pensively swayed his head.
puffy and yellow, expressed physical satisfaction. "Go on, harder,
pulled Pierre by the arm and pointed to a round, graveled space
pulling the skirt straight and shifting the pins from one side of
pulling the straps over their heads, unstrapping their overcoats and
pulpit; at social gatherings and around the camp fires; in county
pulsate, and produces in them a vibratory thrill and a loud murmur. In
pulsation and a palpable thrill--whether such a haematoma remains
pulsation and a soft, whifling bruit, but they differ from an aneurysm
pulsation or bruit, and the tumour is but slightly compressible. The
pulse becomes feeble, soft, and rapid, and the patient is dull and
pulse tracing shows that the normal impulse and dicrotic waves are lost,
pulses beyond are lost. The limb becomes cold, numb, insensitive, and
punched-out appearance and raised indurated edges.]
purchase food from outside, and had paper rubles distributed to them."
purchaser has turned up for the Moscow estate and for the house. If
pure, and that this source of wound infection can be reduced to a
purely out of charity that I trouble myself about you, and you also
purely traumatic, the pyogenic, gonorrhoeal, tuberculous, and
purification with antiseptics, excision of devitalised tissues, and
purification, a slow form of moist gangrene sets in, and the slough
purified with antiseptics and closed or drained according to
purify the skin do not collect under the patient and remain in contact
purify, and elevate me. But you don't understand it."
purifying the wounds of entrance and exit and the surrounding skin, and
purity. All is neglected and foul. Black robber bees are swiftly and
purple velvet biretta on his head, adjusted his hair, and knelt down
purpose of the war to be the salvation of the union and disavowing any
purpose, and though it was not so called, they all felt that this
purpose. The first was a feeling of the necessity of sacrifice and
purposes of the delegates, because Congress and the state legislatures
purposes, and it is still employed with greater frequency than any
purse is here! I'll flay this scoundwel alive, and it will be found."
pus accumulates under the periosteum and lifts it up from the bone. The
pus, and the surface of the synovial membrane resembles the wall of a
pus, broken-down blood-clot, and sloughs. The edges are inflamed,
pushed over the mountains from Virginia and the Carolinas, there were
pushed the guns and wagons themselves. Whips cracked, hoofs slipped,
pustule forms and bursts, and a brownish-yellow scab forms over it. When
pustules are of large size, and, after breaking on the surface, give
pustules, boils, carbuncles, and some acute inflammations of bone. As
put down the guitar, and went to the drawing room.
put her head out into the damp night air, and the countess saw her
put him aside in 1864 and place Chase in his chair. "I hope we may never
put his horse to a trot to avoid seeing all these suffering men, and
put his pipe down in a corner, and folding his hands placed himself
putrefaction and hospital air. On the stairs he met a Russian army
pyogenic or tuberculous origin, and is usually attended with the
quaint little tufts. He entered the room, looking restlessly and
qualification as an alternative to the freehold. Virginia and North
qualification on the suffrage and gave the vote to all free white males.
qualifications and had feared with genuine alarm the "mobs of the great
qualifications for the governor and members of the legislature.
qualities) of untidiness and neglect of herself, she now added
quality I value most in people. As to his inheritance and the part
quality. The granulations are small and smooth, and of a pale yellow or
quantities; and Great Britain, by an act in 1750, encouraged the
quantity and quality of the fluids taken by the patient.
quantity of blood present in it, and the more superficial the affected
quarrel of yesterday and the question presented itself whether he
quarreled and even fought with other companies for them. Before they
quarry, mounted his chestnut Donets, and whistling to his own leash of
quarter. The country desires peace and the Senate ought not to delay, it
quartered. "Le patriotisme feroce de Rostopchine" and the barbarity of
quarters and riding up to Captain Timokhin who was walking in front.
quarters to meet her old nurse and the maidservants who came running
quarters torches and candles were burning and no one slept. The old
queen. The king waved his right arm and, evidently nervous, sang
queens, knights and ladies, written partly to amuse and partly to
quell the uprising; and when that task was accomplished, the state
question and blushed. She felt all the time that by talking to him she
question arose in every soul: "For what, for whom, must I kill and
question been settled? At Drissa and at Smolensk and most palpably
question made a special appeal to them and they organized to demand the
question occupied the center of interest. As of old, the farmers and
question of the war with Austria, and unconsciously jumped from the
question still remains unanswered, and to the former power of monarchs
question to move her to the country, and so the countess had been sent
question, in its political and economic aspects, became less and less
question. Now by the fact of Lauriston and Barthelemi having been
questioned Lavrushka about Napoleon and laughed at his stories, and
questions addressed to him. Alpatych moved forward and next time the
questions and to repeat what they had already told her many times:
questions as to whether Prince Vasili had aged and whether Countess
questions put to him by the officers, and, like a man desperately
questions to urge that unions and employers should be compelled to
quick at learning, was well brought up, and had a pleasant voice; what
quick hissing cannon balls and slow whistling shells flew unceasingly.
quickly as possible and another that a Saxon should be shot, on whom a
quickly become occluded by contraction and retraction of their coats and
quickly caught up the object of contention and ran into the bedroom.
quickly glanced at Dolokhov and, bending his finger as he had been
quickly occupied by large planters and their slaves engaged in the
quickly repacking, deciding that the inferior Russian carpets and
quickly to hide them and left the room.
quickly!" and she again had difficulty in repressing her sobs.
quickly, and simply as if he were doing something not merely
quickly, went out of the shed, and began to walk about.
quickly. Pierre looked round at his fellow prisoners and scrutinized
quiet authority, "you wish to insult me, and I am ready to agree
quiet in which they both tried to listen to the stern and dreadful
quiet manner and with an obvious effort to remember.
quiet steps in and out of the bedroom glanced at the princess and
quiet, friendly way and kissed him three times.
quietest, clambered onto it, seized it by the mane, and turning out
quietly and respectfully that the prince gave him a searching glance.
quietly and said in a whisper: "Please walk in."
quietly and shyly.
quietly died; and next day a throng of acquaintances who came to pay
quilt and that his eyes were closed.
quilt, and such as she had always seen him.
quite a definite address, and that if a letter reached the Grand
quite a romance. Nicholas Rostov! She was surrounded, and they
quite apart from, and unconnected with, the battle. It was as if the
quite blind, straight to her, and he goes up to her and falls down and
quite change the whole war and make it less cruel. As it is we have
quite different, and better, Pierre than he had been in Petersburg.
quite fails to remedy evil while men remain what they are, and also
quite frank, had now become unpleasant to her, and for various reasons
quite ill and he would not see us for a whole fortnight. I know it was
quite independently of the growth of the body, and there is no natural
quite insensitive, and many of them are unknown to the patient. As a
quite ordinary to others and about which I shall know nothing. I shall
quite to his own surprise. "If you gave me Petersburg and Moscow I
quite well yet and still weak, went to Moscow with Petya and the
quivered. Prince Andrew rose, shrugged his shoulders, and walked about
quoits and skittles. The general trend of the campaign was rarely
rabble, that is the poor people, and the price of commodities. An
radicals within its own ranks, and political questions, the Federation
ragged, and weary of the campaign, felt at the sight of an army
railroad corporations, including the Erie, Michigan Central, and the
railroads, in our offices and ports of trade, on our farms, and on the
railway and other corporations, the protection of public health, the
railways New York, Boston, and Philadelphia were linked with the
railways and other utilities and the formation of cooperative societies
railways and rolling stock wore out, it became impossible to renew them
railways and towns in advance of the people, is seen in an advertisement
railways and trusts pervaded the ranks of the Republicans and Democrats.
railways engaged in interstate commerce and vested in the hands of the
railways, banks, stores, private fortunes--all were mobilized and laid
railways, mines, and mills of the country. This doctrine, so
railways, mines, ships, forests, and industrial enterprises. No power
raise and support armies and a navy. It could employ the state militia
raise his head, and rejoice at his good fortune. Suddenly he heard a
raised above his head, he did not cease to complain to Kutuzov and
raised as though about to smile, and once on coming out of the
raised by those who were holding him under the armpits, and of his
raised from the new case with an elevator, and with the chisel or gouge
raised her voice, and sometimes pulled him by the arm and put him in
raised his pistol, and took aim.
raised over the footlights, and from horns and contrabass came deep
raised, and by the time the chill has passed off its maximum has been
raised, the outlook is hopeful; but when the pulse becomes small and
raising his eyes, looked down at the shirt and examined the seams.
raising his head and pointing to the plan of the building, "tell me
raising his voice higher and higher.
raising, as well as wheat and corn production, suffered at least a
ran away, and so it was only necessary not to stop their flight.
ran for a moment to Natasha's sleigh and stood on its wing.
ran up to Sonya, scrutinized her, and then ran to her mother.
range of its educational activities and the bitterness of its tone all
rank and honor nearly on a par with those of the Congress."
ranks allotted to courtiers, which is causing so much gossip and
ranks along which shots crackled now here and now there, drowning
ranks shouting. The train drivers and orderlies harnessed and packed
rapid and certain cure is obtained by _excision_; larger areas are
rapid movement of soldiers forming ranks and getting their muskets
rapid, noisy little waves of the Enns, which rippling and eddying
rapidity and direction of growth. A smooth, rounded swelling, which
rapidity and far surpassing in magnitude those of Cortes and Pizarro had
rapidity, the limb becoming enormously swollen, painful, and crepitant
rapidity. Affections of the heart-valves and of the pericardium are
rapidly and clearly through his mind. "Only once in my life to get
rapidly and indistinctly. "You thought!... Rascals! Blackgaurds!...
rapidly develops into an elevated mass shaped like a bee-hive, and
rapidly enlarges to the size of a walnut, and may then persist for a
rapidly established intimacy with the French marshals, and so
rapidly growing cellular tumours, and (2) those containing fully formed
rapidly in power. By 1890 they were a negligible factor and in a short
rapidly unplaited, replaited, and tied up her plait. Her head moved
rapidly; all was silent and then from the study the sound was heard of
rapturous and passionate affection. No one had instilled into him this
rapturously and gratefully of the merits of her son and the
rare cases a localised abscess forms in the vein and points towards the
rare, and are observed chiefly in those who have either neglected
rate-fixing untouched, much to the discontent of farmers and shippers.
rates and let his passengers take a good deal of live stock and
rates fixed and the orders issued by that body. This measure was quickly
rates other than those published, and laid penalties upon the officers
rather as a joke), a pike and an ax, which latter he used as a wolf
rather moist and glittered more than usual, and as he sat in his
rather round shoulders and glanced at Novosiltsev who was near him, as
rather than the labors of Jesuit missionaries and French rangers, that
rather to secure his counsel and advice from an unofficial body of
ratification of the Constitution; and a majority of them had served as
ratification, and it was the spring of 1781, a few months before the
ration of vodka. The campfires crackled and the soldiers' songs
rational treatment of burns, and should be abandoned.
rattling of wheels on the cobblestones, and the brilliant, hot
ravine, he even saw the hounds, and was expecting a fox to show itself
ravines and the copses, which at the end of August had still been
raw materials, and forced to buy their manufactured goods of England.
rays shone into the open window, lighting up the room and part of
rays!" and she smiled amiably at Pierre. "We were just talking of
rays, but to avoid damage to the adjacent and overlying tissues.
re swaying to and fro like that of a drunkard. I ran to her and threw my arms round her, but at that moment her knees seemed to give way and she fell to the ground. She writhed as one who is in terrible pain, and her limbs were dreadfully convulsed. At first I thought that she had not recognised me, but as I bent over her she suddenly shrieked out in a voice which I shall never forget, 'Oh, my God! Helen! It was the band! The speckled band!' There was something else which she would fain have said, and she stabbed with her finger into the air in the direction of the doctor's room, but a fresh convulsion seized her and choked her words. I rushed out, calling loudly for my stepfather, and I met him hastening from his room in his dressing-gown. When he reached my sister's side she was unconscious, and though he poured brandy down her throat and sent for medical aid from the village, all efforts were in vain, for she slowly sank and died without having recovered her consciousness. Such was the dreadful end of my 

re-dissolved on boiling, and it is readily precipitated by hydrochloric
re-establishing les bons principes, and to the diplomatists of that
re-formed, and the French who had nearly cut our left flank in half
reach the peripheral terminations in muscle and skin, and in course of
reached Franklin one night early in December while he and some friends
reached Murat's detachment and the battle had not yet begun. In
reached Semenovsk--his adjutant came back from him and told Kutuzov
reached Vilna on the eleventh, and in his traveling sleigh drove
reached her from inside and outside the room and did not move. First
reached his sister's room his wife was already awake and her merry
reached their maximum. Kutuzov saw this and merely sighed and shrugged
reaches a free surface and ruptures externally. The direction in which
reaches the matrix, and a drop or two of pus forms beneath the nail,
reaching Krasnoe and a whole division would have been needed to convoy
reaction increases and terminates in suppuration, giving rise to one or
reaction occurred and the sovereigns once again all began to oppress
reaction of the tissue elements to the irritant, and constitute the
reaction, and to relieve symptoms.
read Poor Liza aloud to her, and more than once interrupted the
read a few books on war, raised a regiment, and offered himself for
read and discussed, together with the latest of Vasili Lvovich
read it and went into Natasha's room with it in her hand.
read on bended knees. She felt in her heart a devout and tremulous awe
read"; and so they established a system of official licensing for
readily bend or break, and after death are easily cut with a knife. In
readily killed by heat and chemical agents. It does not form spores.
readily let him go and gave him a mission to Barclay de Tolly.
reading presidential addresses to Congress in joint assembly and adopted
reading them aloud. Bagration bowed his bead and listened:
reading these documents, and he wrote to the German that, despite
ready for them at the arsenal: sabers, pistols, and muskets which
ready to carry out all the doctor's injunctions with precision, and
ready to keep his word by preparing for the use of military and naval
ready to meet their antagonists in a peace conference; and Allied Powers
ready, and on all their faces he recognized the same eagerness that
real strength removed and transferred to the Emperor. Toll,
real, living, and distinct group, but who were now for the most part
reality again presented itself. He got up without saying a word and
realized that here was a real comrade in her grief, and consequently a
realized that it was the real living Natasha, and he was not surprised
realizing that it was impossible to stop them, spurred his horse and
really changed, his brow became smooth, and he listened gladly to
really galloped from the field of battle with the pale and terrified
really was suffering at that moment. When the captain went out and
really was very kind and intelligent. Even people who had formerly
really? That's awful..." and to escape from these dreadful thoughts
realm of beauty and love which it was worth living for. Whatever
reappear together in about six months, and restoration is complete in a
reappearance of this formidable union of church and state, from which
reappeared in the doorway and behind hers other faces...
reappeared, and everybody began speaking clearly and definitely.
reared almost throwing the major, and galloped aside. The horse's
reared and brought her up. To sacrifice herself for others was Sonya's
rearranged; a number of old illustrations have been discarded, and a
reason found it necessary to tell Natasha of Prince Andrew's wound and
reason of his confusion and silence, but was afraid even to think
reason to burn the houses--in any case a troublesome and dangerous
reason tormented himself and her--knew how not merely to hurt and
reason, fled back: they made a dash for the Kaluga road, and (after
reasonable thing for him to do--themselves turned to the right and
reasonableness and profundity of one's own ideas.
reasoned, imagining that they knew what they were doing and did it
reasoning and to experience, but in fact such subjection does not
reasons were very insufficient and obscure, no one made any rejoinder.
reassured as to the general course of affairs and as to the man to
rebels against fate and in spite of the pleasures and distractions
rebuilding of his houses in and near Moscow.
recalcitrant cavalry colonel, his own dignity as a general, and
recall them and the bright and boundless horizons they had
recalled Anna Pavlovna's words and looks when she spoke to him about
recalled an evening in Petersburg. Natasha with animated and excited
receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from
receive appropriate treatment. The diet should be simple and easily
receive lymph from the leg and foot; from them the lymph passes to the
receive that science it is necessary to purify and renew one's inner
receive the American minister, treated him in a humiliating way, and
received and read the then famous rescript of the Emperor Alexander
received but was not yet in print, and Pierre, who was at the
received from Mack's army informed him of a victory and stated
received from him, though she knew that already, and remarked that
received him graciously, and promised to inform the Emperor. A few
received his tumbler, and adding some rum to it asked Mary
received letters from Prince Vasili and other Petersburg acquaintances
received rewards. Bolkonski was invited everywhere, and had to spend
received tidings that the French had unexpectedly advanced, and had
received, could not help donning a Polish uniform and yielding to
receives a report, only now and then, silently or by a brief word,
receives her zealous sons into her arms, and through the gathering
reception room if he wished to see him. Boris thanked him and went
reception room where they had left Prince Vasili and the eldest
receptions and balls, the same French theater, the same court
recklessly hack at and strangle everything--Magnitski, Arakcheev,
reckon seriously with the enemy on the sea and make plans based upon the
recognisable, and before the joint assumes the deformed features which
recognised, with a palpable thrill and a systolic bruit, loudest at the
recognize any of them. It was not merely Dimmler and the Rostovs she
recognize districts he had known well. Here and there he could see
recognize it, and laughed at Dessalles when he mentioned it at dinner.
recognize it. His arguments were concise, simple, and clear.
recognized a divine power based on itself and always consistently
recognized as a lawful authority and entitled to protection under the
recognized as legitimate; so that he is now Count Bezukhov and
recognized the independence of Cuba and disclaimed "any disposition or
recognized this fact. Some of the delegates, like Hamilton and Madison,
recognizing his rights, and the killing of millions in Russia for
recollection of his dispute with his brother-in-law was unpleasant and
recommended, and Congress created, a special court of commerce with
recommends that a broad strip of subcutaneous fascia up to and including
reconciliation hopeless and independence inevitable." The news of this
reconciliation in the spring and summer of 1775, it had firmly resolved
reconstruction in the South was slow and arduous. The first battle in
reconstruction program was clearly going to pieces, and the Supreme
record that every road was "crowded" with pioneers and their families,
recovered its senses, and climbed down off its perch."
recovering herself, "but you used to be different, and..."
recruitment so as to avoid active service. The old prince and his
recruits were found. The advocates of a high protective tariff and the
rectum and large intestine, and these should be treated on the same
rectum, by means of a long rubber tube and a filler. Satisfactory,
recur, the wound must be reopened, and ligatures applied to the bleeding
recurred to her mind; and while thinking of her nephew she thought
recurred to him, and a disagreeable shiver ran down his back. But this
red and trembling, threw a frightened look of inquiry at Anatole and
red and unlike himself, was shouting to Kutuzov that if he did not
red campfires were growing paler and dying down. High up in the
red corpuscles; while, if a blood-clot be broken down and the debris
red from weeping and sat down beside Dr. Lorrain, who was sitting in a
red, ragged, and everted, and the ulcer increases in size by spreading
red-haired and red-faced man, screwing up his eyes and blinking
redder faces, the guests returned to the drawing room and to the
redness, and swelling along the line of a venous trunk, and a rapidly
redoubt and come into line with the rest of the forces.
redounded to the advantage of American shipbuilders and the producers
reduces the immediate loss of blood to a minimum, and the bleeding from
refine ores. The ranches supplied sheep and cattle for the packing
reflected the provincial and agricultural interest.
reflected, glancing at those near him and at the troops who were
reflection and capsular ligament adds a collar or "lip" of new bone,
reflection, and generalization--habits calculated to enlarge as well as
reflex excitability, hypertonus, and spasm of one or more groups of
reform by marrying him to someone rich and distinguee, and it is on
reformers added harsh and acrid criticism of the old parties and
reforming party cordially welcomed and courted him, the first place
reforms, such as the initiative, referendum, and recall, the abolition
refresh, and support me in the path of virtue. In his presence doubt
refreshment to maintain his energy and a respectable general who has
refuse Iogel and asked Sonya to dance. Denisov sat down by the old
refuse a truce and sent his adjutant to Kutuzov to report the offer he
refuse another, or all the carts and one's own carriages as well.
refused and were fired upon by the national guard. This "massacre," as
refused to evacuate Malta. She wanted to find, and still seeks, some
refused, there would have been so many less men in Napoleon's army and
refusing it for manners' sake, he drank it and wiped his mouth with
regain its power and recovery take place.
regard as the cause of their sufferings. Deprived of power and
regard, and so on the date set the promise was fulfilled. The
regarded as merely a hindrance and obstacle to the impending war.
regarded as useless and harmful--gave his approval, that is, to the
regardless of the presence of strangers and in a particularly resolute
regards rapidity of growth and capacity for dissemination. Certain of
regatta, and fireworks at Zakret, Count Bennigsen's country seat.
regiment and are expecting him every day. The count wanted to leave
regiment, am fond of the officers, and I fancy the men also like me. I
regiment, nor about the general state of affairs, and when Rostov
regiment, they listen intently, look about, and eagerly ask concerning
regimental life, Rostov felt the joy and relief a tired man feels on
regimental music and now the roar of many voices shouting "Hurrah!" to
regimental music he heard from the left side of the field, and felt
regiments began to disperse among the wealthy and deserted houses, the
regiments saluting, and this sound rapidly came nearer along the whole
region of fire and sometimes even entered it--repeatedly led into it
region of the face, neck, or flexures of joints, much deformity and
region, and may be connected with one or other of the extensor tendons.
registration and survey fee. On such terms a speculator with a few
registration, by applying test oaths ... by intimidation and by every
regret, and disillusionment. It seemed to him that this was not
regretting and laughing at his own sensibility, when Princess Mary
regular and highly profitable business.
regular army, and besides this, nine men in every thousand for the
regular judicial procedure, and _habeas corpus_ were established, in order
regular tap of the heel and creak of the toe as gladly as she had to
regular, delicate features. Nicholas was short with curly hair and
regularity, thickness, and whether undermined or overlapping, everted or
regulars enlisted for the war, thoroughly trained and paid according to
regulate interstate and foreign commerce and commerce with the Indians.
regulate the balance between the production and the loss of body heat.
reign and not to command armies! Why has he taken on himself such a
rein in, and turning back drew up at the crossing of the old
reins, were all wet, slippery, and sodden, like the ground and the
rejected, leaving the President a choice between war and compromise.
relapse into drunkenness, and so on are actions that seem to us less
relapses. _Choroiditis_ and _retinitis_ may also occur, and leave
relapsing osteomyelitis date back to an antecedent attack, and their
related to the epiphysial cartilage, and it was suggested by Virchow
relating to the condition of the troops on their arrival, and the
relation to the bones of the fingers, where it may become adherent and
relation... and because you yourself don't love him."
relations with Austria and the hope of an alliance with her.
relations with continental countries and seeking money, supplies, and
relations, the Rostovs, with whom she stayed when in the town and
relationships of the capsule and synovial membrane to the surrounding
relaxed, and, as soon as tenderness has disappeared, daily massage and
release him from his promise and set him completely free.
released, the face and the neck as low down as the level of the
reliance upon that mode of raising revenues was dishonorable and
relief and the expression of its mother's sympathy while she rubs
relieves pain and startings at night, and prevents abnormal attitudes of
relieving pain and in arresting the progress of the infection. If the
relieving symptoms and complications; removal of one of the tumours is
religion and growing prosperous in the manufacture of fine linen and
religion and learning might be cherished on the frontier as in the
religion were Princess Mary's joys and consolations; but besides that,
religious and economic reasons sent them across the sea. Their Scotch
reluctant body an agreement to grant half pay to all officers and a
reluctant to be left alone with his friend, asked them to stay and
reluctantly, and remained silent.
reluctantly, but gradually with more and more animation, and from
remain a secret, and should you find that you do not love me, or
remain embedded amongst fully formed tissue elements, and lie dormant
remain hidden below the mucous membrane and give no evidence of their
remain in contact, they become united, and the conducting paths are
remain intact like Berlin, Vienna, and other towns, simply because its
remain there and do what he was predestined to do.
remain with him during the battle or to join the rearguard and have an
remain. Wherever she went and whomever she was speaking to, she felt
remainder of the Louisiana territory was transferred to Spain and French
remained at Baltimore nominated Douglas and endorsed his doctrine of
remained before him with the force of reality and drew nearer.
remained behind, and the monotonous tramp of thousands of feet
remained in force, and only the presence of visitors hindered his
remained in the room and persistently talked about Moscow amusements
remained in the same place and without answering drew out a
remained intact and that during Napoleon's occupation the
remained near the post, and no one drove him away.
remained on the couch or on the lounge chair in the drawing room and
remained side by side working against "Republican misrule and negro
remained with it hidden for awhile; then looking up and seeing
remained. They were all pale and exchanged looks in silence.
remaining alone in the little room, he walked up and down for a long
remains intact. The middle coat contracts and retracts, and the
remark that a movement through the woods was dangerous and might
remark was just and that really no answer could be made to it. But
remarkable for their tenacity of life, and for the resistance they offer
remedied by getting rid of contributing causes and by disinfecting the
remember how we and Nicholas, all three of us, talked in the sitting
remember the recent days of patriotic elation and ardor, hard to
remember what had been said to him and following these verbal
remember--all this made Pierre in his eyes a hero and a saint.
remembered Prince Andrew, prayed for him, and asked God to forgive her
remembered a general impression of the misfortunes and sufferings of
remembered beating someone and being beaten and finally feeling that
remembered his last parting from his father and his wife; he
remembered only the dull gray weather now rainy and now snowy,
remembered what she had then said--that he turned to look at her and
remembered where he was and what lay before him that very day.
remembering Dolokhov's conversation with Kutuzov and his last
remembering his intention he grew dizzy and felt so faint that he
remembers me," said Prince Andrew with a low and courteous bow quite
reminiscences and even phrases. Prince Andrew came up, stroked her
removal from office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office
removal into the hut had made him groan aloud and again lose
removal of gross surface dirt and loose epithelium by soap, a stream of
removal of irritation by the escape of pus, and the casting off of
removal of the bone--a procedure known as _cheilotomy_. Loose bodies and
removal of the scapula was followed two years later by metastases and
remove all the holy relics, the gunpowder, munitions, and money, and
remove the tuberculous tissue with the sharp spoon or knife, and treat
removed and he is appointed... "Well and then?" asked the other voice.
removed from their positions and withdrawn in his presence. Together
removed, and in tumours near the surface of the body, the overlying skin
removed. A deeper and more troublesome onychia results from infection at
removed; the thread is brought out at the drain-opening, and at the end
removing them by surgical measures, and has led to the practice of
rendered alkaline before being injected. As subcutaneous and
rendered him unable to face danger, and who was neither an educated
rendered to the Creator for His help and for the victory.
rendered, and I supplied them with a doctor, a hospital, and an asylum
renders the skin pliant and movable so that it can be pinched up between
renouncing their human feelings and reason, had to go from west to
repealed the Embargo law and substituted a Non-intercourse act
repeated and violent muscular efforts. There is reason to believe,
repeated in imagination every word that he or Natasha had spoken and
repeated minor injuries affecting the joint and its vicinity, such as
repeated minor irritations were added general and sweeping measures of
repeated one and the same thing a hundred times, remarked to his
repeated these words the captain wiped his eyes and gave himself a
repeating a silent prayer. Every morning she came in like that, and
repelled him. The tune he was whistling, his gait, and the gesture
repent of, and Andrew can love me still. But why 'still?' O God, why
repent. Afterwards Boris Drubetskoy came and began relating various
repented and added: "I am glad; really, dear, I am very glad."
replace those who had been killed, and before the men had had food and
replaced and fixed in position, occasionally adhere by primary union.
replaced by an energetic readiness for action and resistance. His feet
replacement and absorption of the muscle fibres. The bone is spongy in
replacing them by a new conception, and the logic of the situation has
replied Platon, and at once resumed the story he had begun.
replied, "and it is that He would be merciful to him and would allow
replied: "I think the battle will be lost, and so I told Count Tolstoy
replies of a man who, watching the movements of a herd of cattle and
replies the sound of cries and blows were heard. On returning to lunch
replies. I recollected myself and drove away that thought only when
reply a polite letter declining his proposal and a sharp resolution from
reply to his look, and went still faster along the passage.
reply, would have been clear and complete. One might believe or
reply. It seemed as if those smoke clouds sometimes ran and
reply. Nicholas felt the situation to be intolerable and went to
report of a shot, and our troops could be seen hurrying to the
report of a subordinate, now looking aside and now gazing straight
report on the position of affairs. Everything precious and valuable
report, and a bullet whizzing high up in the mist with a plaintive
report, skillfully, pointedly, and elegantly. Bilibin's services
report. The battle had begun! Prince Andrew turned his horse and
reported of another that: "The priest whom I found and invited to
reported to him, and then joined the adjutants listening to what the
reports current in town she learned how the Rostovs were situated, and
reports followed at intervals, and the bullets passed somewhere in the
reports of the cruelty of the enemy and of the war were contradicted
reports one after another, and a third.
reports that were brought him and gave directions when his
reports were written on the twentieth, and during all this time not
representation to states in the Senate and to population in the House,
representative but one of the great century, and that it is his own
representative of authority as well as, and even better than, at other
representative of the national war but to die, and Kutuzov died.
representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the State of
representatives of the minor and dissenting parties, he dignified by a
represented her father and her brother gave her courage, and she
represented lovers--began smiling, spreading out their arms, and
represented the terrestrial globe and the stick in his other hand a
reproach, and envy of another's health. Rostov went to the middle of
reproaches and angry words.
reproachful envious eyes that were fixed upon him, and went out of the
reproduces the local signs and symptoms. Where the connective tissue is
reproved Bezukhov for his vehemence and said it was not love of virtue
republic, like Venezuela, was heavily in debt, and certain European
republic. Fortunes were made and lost gambling on the prices of public
republican government." But Marshall was mighty and his view prevailed,
repugnance, and closing his eyes quickly fell back on the carriage
repulsed, Campan wounded, and Davout killed; yet at the very time
repurchasing Otradnoe before long, and added: "Another ten years of
reputation as a lovely and clever woman became so firmly established
request donations in all 50 states.  If your state is not listed and
request donations in all 50 states.  If your state is not listed and
require secrecy; and the yeas and nays of the members of either House on
require to be made by Hilton's method, and it may be necessary to insert
required Congress to make both gold and silver the money of the land,
required by the Constitution; the suppression of the abolitionists; and
requirements of a vast country spanning a continent and taking its place
requiring millions and even billions of capital. The banks, once an
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
resemblance to the normal tissues of the body. They grow slowly, and are
resemble drum-sticks, and the thumb the clapper of a bell. The nails are
resembles an imitation of the French military code and from the
resembling an altar on which lay a Testament and a skull. Round it
resembling his master in manners and looks, who was accompanying him
resembling that of the corpus luteum. It originates in the corium and
resented the presence of this "traitor" in Paris, and Louis had to be
reserves to break the enemy's line, and a cavalry attack by "the men
residents who had fled from Moscow and had been hiding in its
resignation, or inability to discharge the powers and duties of the said
resistance unlawful, riotous, and treasonable. The correct way, in their
resolute in the discharge of duty, ran out and touching Pierre lightly
resolute. He ran round to the other side of the lodge and was about to
resolution Pierre replied: "Yes, yes, I agree," and with a beaming,
resolution he called again a few days later and began calling often
resolution not to betray herself and not show her agitation, she
resolutions and by the New England Federalists during the war of 1812,
resolutions and proceedings of the colonists denying such authority were
resolutions condemning the acts as unconstitutional and calling upon the
resolved to go away next day and leave a letter informing her of his
resonance, and began singing her solfeggio. When she had finished
resounded on the planks of the bridge, and the squadron, officers in
resounded with their running feet, their cries, and their
resounded. The column moved forward without knowing where and
resources, human and material, were mobilized. The navy was enlarged, a
resources, in industry, and in armed forces. By the blockade of Southern
respect remarkable, particularly in Louisiana, Arkansas, and
respect, he concluded, "will become more and more manifest, if left
respected less than the others forced his way in to see him and,
respected. His whole time was taken up with dinners and balls and
respectful expression, looked observantly and sympathetically at the
respectfully received the blessing first of one and then of another
respectfully to her, and seated herself in an armchair beside the
respectfully, but he was pale and breathless and his face was angry.
respective offices, and he shall have power to grant reprieves and
respective writings and discoveries;
respects to the aunt and then brought back to the general circle.
respiration deeper and more regular; the temperature rises to 100 o F. or
respiration is irregular, shallow, and sighing; and the temperature may
respiration produce a rise and fall in the stream which may resemble
response to the President's summons to arms in a war "for democracy" and
rest of the army, which--as was learned from spies and prisoners-
rest of the household, and the whole family moved from Marya
rest rooms, recreational facilities, and welfare work of every kind
rest, and the little countess could be driven home in a trap."
rest, and then..."
restless, plodding, and rather vainglorious and ambitious activity.
restlessness, sleeplessness, low incoherent muttering, and picking at
restoration of the functions of the limb, and to the prevention of
restore order in Europe and therefore fought against Napoleon. In 1807
restore peace and give independence to the island." The American
restore the duchy of Oldenburg; for had he not wished to serve, and
restored by ingrowth from the margins, and there is evidence that some
restoring the condition of affairs before Grenville and Townshend
restrain his wish for a gallop across a level field; and in the same
restrain themselves and grow more and more miserable."
restraining tears of tenderness and joy that choked him, and without
restricted to fluids, such as milk, beef-tea, meat juices or gruel, and
restricting the weight, dignity, and activity of the national
restrictions. Rumors of the war with Bonaparte and his invasion were
rests only on his heels and occiput--the position of _opisthotonos_.
rests, and a campfire was built before it. They beat the tattoo,
result for the Russians was, and was bound to be, that we were brought
result from pressure on nerves. Such bones as the sternum and vertebrae
result from spasm of the urethral muscles, and necessitate the use of
result from the general and local therapeutics available at such places
result in occlusion of the pupil and permanent impairment or loss of
result is a challenge on Buxhowden's part and an epileptic fit on
result is that the bones may never attain their normal length, and they
result must be was quite obvious, and yet Napoleon offered and Kutuzov
result of accidental stabs and of suicidal or homicidal injuries. The
result of his own wrongdoing, and at the bottom of his heart he had
result of physiological conditions, such as old age and disease of a
result of the displacement of occluding clots, and in many cases the
result produced by that series of events, and corresponding with
result that the muscular tone is diminished and there is a marked fall
result when one half of the epiphysial cartilage is destroyed and the
resulting from chronic ulcer with venous congestion of the leg, and the
resulting from the alternate action of cold and heat on the distal parts
resulting from toxin absorption, and it is difficult to estimate the
resulting in motor and sensory disturbances; and (3) division of tendons
results in deformity and shortening of the limb (Fig. 119).
results in narrowing of their lumen, _endarteritis_, and a perivascular
results of specific tests and treatment.
resumed their places and the service continued. During this interval
resumed, and no longer in the unpleasantly hostile tone of Nicholas'
retain their normal temperature, the pulse is unchanged, and there is no
retained and forwarded, packed in ice, to a competent observer. Much
retains its sovereignty, freedom, and independence." The Constitution
reticule and, having given them to the rosy Natasha, who beamed with
retire more to the left and more to the south, worrying the enemy from
retire. Prince Andrew took out his notebook and, leaning on the
retired naval officer, was speaking in one of the rooms, and a small
retired to his home in Virginia to assume, through correspondence and
retract and contract--for example, in the scalp, in the penis, and in
retraction depending on the length of the muscle, and the extent of its
retreat and leave the pickets."
retreat we have lost by fatigue and left in the hospital more than
retreat, or was it the evening before, when I had a nap and told
retreating without a battle, namely the evacuation and burning of
retreats after battles, the blow dealt at Borodino and the renewed
retro-pharyngeal abscess, as well as from congenital and other cystic
return at once. But when he saw the French and saw Tikhon and
return circulation in the large veins, and so to increase the flow of
return for their produce, and soldiers saw many a pay day pass without
return from Erfurt. Helene spoke of him as "mon page" and treated
return to the general and eternal source." These thoughts seemed to
returned and choosing an opportune moment, ventured to draw the
returned and entered his shop. On seeing the soldiers he was about
returned from the council, tired and exhausted but eager and proud
returned to France he ordered everybody to obey him, and they all
returned to Petersburg both the magnate and the prince were there, and
returned to the group where the vicomte was still talking, and again
returned to the middle of the stage, and began jumping and striking
returned, and over the bottle of wine conversation between the three
returning from the theater, had had supper and were grouped round
revealed by the historic journey of Zebulon Pike in 1805 and by American
revelation after another showed officers, high and low, possessed with
revenues and also meeting the most extravagant demands of the
reverberating, filling the whole empty ballroom, and slowly dying
review. It shone with such gaiety and youth, such innocent youth, that
revision." The Democrats made much of the implication and the
revoir!"--and she left the hall.
revoked the Massachusetts charter of 1691 and provided furthermore that
revolution in the union, changing public policies and constitutional
revolution so complete, so drastic, and far-reaching in its results.
revolution. The ruling class, the law, and the government of the old
revolution: (1) all men are created equal and are endowed by their
revolutionary fortunes, was due much of that spirit and discipline which
revolutionary movement. The contest between the rebels and the Spanish
revolutionists and their friends in America, denouncing as "Jacobin"
rhapsodies about valor, devotion, and so forth, must reluctantly admit
rheumatism, and some authorities believe them to be different forms of
rhythmic beat of hoofs and the jingling of showy cavalry in blue, red,
rice, mats, and tea from China. An era of lucrative trade was opened.
rich educated people who knew quite well that Vienna and Berlin had
rich in political experience and endowed with deep insight into the
rich, distinguished, a good match, and almost a newcomer, with a
ridden round the Drissa fortifications with the Emperor and had
ridden up and stopped near him.
ride and especially by the sound of the bullets.
ridiculed sarcastically and very cleverly, though with much caution.
ridiculous, weak, and alone, with no ground to stand on.
ridiculous. His anger with his wife and anxiety that his name should
riding behind him, with as calm and careless an air as though he
rifle bullets are met with in the field during active warfare, and fall
right and that she would tell about it next day. On hearing of
right and then to the left, and took up the bottle. Anatole brought
right and what's good must be judged by one who knows all, but not
right boot also and was going to tuck up the other trouser leg to save
right flank and drive it into the Bohemian mountains according to
right flank now that it is nearly four o'clock and the battle is lost?
right of review and nullification, are irrevocably bound by the
right of the village and began firing them at Tushin's battery.
right thing and not at all worse than a swallow-tail or frock coat.
right through it--set off with Ilyin in the lessening rain and the
right to reduce rates found to be unreasonable and discriminatory; it
right, and an emaciated sallow man on crutches, barefoot and in
right, and let there be but one banner--that of active virtue.' Prince
right, friend, stay here at the staff and tomorrow we'll have a talk."
right, not because it harmonized with any idea of right and wrong, but
right. An aide-de-camp approached with gliding steps and offered him a
righted himself, drew his saber, and with a happy and resolute
righteousness, for the strengthening of the heart by faith and hope,
rights, forests, and water power was also in the hands of national
rigid, misshapen, and grim as ever.
rigidly fixed, and attempts to move it are painless.
rigor with rise of temperature, and another remission, and such attacks
ringing, and prolonged yells. On the other table, round which many
rise in that shaggy, bibulous, time-worn face) and boldly began to
rise in the temperature of the part (2 o to 3 o F.), with redness and
rise of small towns and villages which gave diversity to the life of the
rise to colloid material, which accumulates and forms a cyst. Ledderhose
rise to disease is spoken of as its _virulence_, and this varies not
rise to secondary growths. Malignant tumours tend to invade and destroy
risen and was going toward his room.
risen from the table and was pacing the room, Natasha following him
rises gradually the chill is usually slight and may be unobserved. Even
rises to 103 o or 104 o F., the pulse becomes feeble and rapid, and other
rising all over the world and could not be stayed. Naturally the country
rising to Rostov's face, and his sobs were audible.
rising, but the value of paper money and city articles kept falling,
rising. "Go when you please, and I give you my word of honor that no
rivals and bribed public officials. In 1903 Miss Ida Tarbell, an author
river and forever banished from the fort and live there or starve." Even
river under the eyes of the man who sat on the log and was not even
river, added daily to their numbers and the growing settlements all
river--and on the right a porch. There were people at the entrance:
riverside and across the Stone Bridge, were Ney's troops and
rkable that no one can pass him without observing him. A shock of orange hair, a pale face disfigured by a horrible scar, which, by its contraction, has turned up the outer edge of his upper lip, a bulldog chin, and a pair of very penetrating dark eyes, which present a singular contrast to the colour of his hair, all mark him out from amid the common crowd of mendicants and so, too, does his wit, for he is ever ready with a reply to any piece of chaff which may be thrown at him by the passers-by. This is the man whom we now learn to have been the lodger at the opium den, and to have been the last man to see the gentleman of whom we are in quest."
road and go to Tarutino, which was between the roads along which those
road between Mikulino and Shamshevo there were large forests,
road in front of them for some time, arousing general attention and
road not far from the shed, and looking in that direction Prince
road planted with birch trees on each side, following the infantry and
road, losing our own men and inhumanly slaughtering unfortunate
road, three and sometimes four abreast. From all sides, behind and
road. Since then, and until evening, the party had the movements of
roads and other internal improvements. Jefferson had strongly favored
roads ending in the Mississippi Valley in 1860 were extended and
roads, and charged Murat to find Kutuzov. Then he gave careful
roads, long neglected, are in disorder and, having in many places become
roads. About half of New Mexico, Arizona, and California was also given
roadside. A great crowd of generals gathered round him, and Count
roamed the plain and desert and more than one powerful tribe disputed
roared, "Health to your ex... len... len... lency!" and again all
robberies, and murders which would have to be committed during that
rock and bequeathed his great deeds to posterity. But in Europe a
rode a little to one side and looked round with a frown. Along the
rode away from the mound and disappeared.
rode up, looked at the entrenchment, and went on again. Just behind it
rolled off her knees. She started, glanced round at him, and screening
rolled-up sleeves, and cooking; or frightening, amusing, or
rolling and crackling of musketry was heard, and much farther to the
romances. Parents were separated from their children and husbands from
romantic past, when after supper and after Natasha's singing he had
romantic plans of love and happiness with her! Oh, what a boy I
roofs of fairy buildings and the shrill yells of some animals. And
roofs, and hills in the distance--and despite the fact that the
room along passages that turned backwards and forwards and was at last
room and at the people in it. Round a long table covered with black
room and found the count with it in his hand, sobbing and laughing
room and we shall have to go down, and you have not smartened yourself
room and, returning to her hut, fell sobbing on her bed.
room except Nataisha, and then called her pet to her armchair.
room rushed forward and descended the staircase.
room with the required papers. Kutuzov and the Austrian member of
room without a word. But at the door he stopped and then retraced
room, and often talked with her about the old prince and criticized
room, but returned at once and dropped into an armchair in front of
room, exclaiming and oh-ing and ah-ing.
room, one straight on into what had been the drawing room, and
room. Everything from the table napkins to the silver, china, and
room. Perhaps he came yesterday and I have forgotten it." She rose,
room. The adjutant came out to the porch and asked Prince Andrew to
room. The princess, looking excited and nervous, her face flushed in
rooms and often had an influence on matters considered important.
rooms and struck everyone by his preoccupied, absent-minded, and
rose and began his address.
rose and coming up to Prince Andrew took him along to the other end of
rose and went out onto the balcony. The people, with Petya among them,
rose from an ensign and became Emperor. Well, well, God grant it,"
rose from less than two per cent to more than ten per cent; in trade and
rose, and a ball flew whistling over the heads of the hussar squadron.
rose, and as whole sections were overrun with slaves and slave traders,
rose, she was so tired of talking of what did not interest her, and
rose, went to the door of the reception room and peeped through the
rosy and pretty and they differed only in that one had a little mole
rosy, golden tinted light and long dark shadows. The forest at the
rough-and-ready justice of lynch law. During the course of the debate on
round and clapping Rostov on the shoulder with his big hand.
round and frowned. She was finishing her last prayer: "Can it be
round at the faces of his suite, young and animated as his own.
round birchwood table and a sofa, and finally into his private room
round compact ball, and in its place already were balloons of smoke
round her first thing and carry her to the sleigh."
round his neck and looked pale and ill. He had been feverish for two
round his saddle horse and his Mameluke, Rustan. Napoleon received
round it and those who admitted that they did not know what upheld the
round the clavichord and harp. Julie by general request played
round-shouldered body, with uncovered white head and puffy face
round. Natasha gazed at them and was ready to cry because it was not
rounded, eternal personification of the spirit of simplicity and
roused himself only when Paulucci called him and everyone was leaving.
roused, had begun to talk, and wanted to express what had brought
row and the affair may end badly."
rows of gray cloaks were already visible through the smoke, and an
rows of pomaded heads in the stalls and then at the seminude women
rows of statues in niches) and looking significantly at the lady's old
rows of that crowd. Natasha heard and felt that several people were
royalist and clerical writers by a vigorous censorship. After the
rt, you have heard it all, and I am very sorry if I have given you pain, and I hope that you do not think very meanly of me."
rubbed with gauze, and the serum that exudes on pressure is collected
rubbing his bald head and angrily pulling back toward him the little
rubbish, larvae, and corpses, others back to the heap, or why they
rubbishy German, that Denisov was a hero, the esaul a hero, and Tikhon
rubles I don't know what to do with, and she stands in her tattered
rubles and the rider beyond all price! Yes, one would have to search
rubles he had taken from his sister and another ten thousand
rubles, and that he would not grudge thousands more to benefit her, or
ruin he hopes to bring upon us recoil on his own head, and may
ruinous to the Russians and salutary for the French. If the position
rule and during a considerable portion of that period he held office as
rule and established a relentless dictatorship. Civil war followed.
rule everted, and it shows no marks of flame, smoke, or powder. These
rule the first evidence is the occurrence of long-continued and
rule, the bowels are constipated. There is frequently albuminuria, and
rule, the slough which forms is comparatively small and superficial,
rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property
rules others have adopted in similar cases, simply and easily pick
rules over him! And yet there need only be a discussion and she has no
rulings and decisions upon them, were written the real history of
rumbled over the tree stumps and branches and splashed through the
run along the hall and up the warped steps of the familiar
run freely--and Petya adored her. Above all, they were gay because
run the gantlet of both houses and the executive, it was subject to
run to a walk and, turning, shouted something loudly to a comrade
rung; schools were closed; flags were displayed; and many a rousing
runners and cut up by rough-shod hoofs, the marks of which were
running away from her, and was jealous of Natasha with whom he spent
running away, and looked at the messenger. Bolkhovitinov was
running like a pair of carriage horses, and began to overtake the
running on too long and am at the end of my second sheet. Good-by,
running to me of her own accord in the evening and tell me everything.
running to the door and the noise of a chair falling over, and a
running water as hot as can be borne, and a loofah or nail-brush, that
rupture and also to cure by the formation of laminated clot; natural
rupture gazed at her son with terror, but in the obstinacy and
rupture of the muscle, and has been observed chiefly in cavalry
rush of thoughts that incessantly sprang up, proving how right and
rush to his heart. "But where and how will my Toulon present itself?"
rushed downhill in full cry after the hare, and from all sides the
rushed forward and picked it up.
rushed forward onto the hunter's gun, reached him, turned back, and
rushed out and seeing Prince Andrew stopped, hesitating on the
rushed to the campfire. They were quarreling and fighting desperately,
rustle of her dress and even her breathing could be heard.
rustle of starched petticoats and the whispering and laughter of
s his. And yet there was but one woman to him, and that woman was the late Irene Adler, of dubious and questionable memory.
s of importance. Good has come out of evil, however, for the barmaid, finding from the papers that he is in serious trouble and likely to be hanged, has thrown him over utterly and has written to him to say that she has a husband already in the Bermuda Dockyard, so that there is really no tie between them. I think that that bit of news has consoled young McCarthy for all that he has suffered."
s point, and I only hope that the increased salary may recompense you for the loss. Your duties, as far as the child is concerned, are very light. Now do try to come, and I shall meet you with the dog-cart at Winchester. Let me know your train. Yours faithfully,
saber had tasted flesh and he had fallen exhausted, and so on. And
saber, and shouted rudely at the Russian general, asking: was he
sac is difficult and dangerous, especially when the aneurysm has spread
sac. White thrombus forms on the rough surface produced, and leads to
sacked the houses of the king's officers, and tore up the stamped paper.
sacred soil of Russia," said Kutuzov crossing himself, and he suddenly
sacrifice everything and begrudge nothing."
sacrifice himself for love and a feeling of envy of the legitimate
sacrifice my feelings and my honor for money? I wonder how Mamma could
sacrificed, and after accidents, such as avulsion of the scalp by
sad and measured tones of a man who intends to tell a long story,
sad smile between Nicholas, Pierre, Natasha, and Countess Mary was the
saddle and bowed his head, and his eye lit up with a mild and
saddle and touched up his horse to ride once more round his hussars.
saddled upon the country Hamilton's fiscal system and the British
saddles, stood near them and there too the dogs were lying. The
sadly and timidly, and lowering his head shifted his feet on the step.
sadly, dropping her voice. "My wretched lawsuit takes all I have and
sadness, and this occurred every time she mentioned her illustrious
safe majority. After a week of negotiation, Roosevelt and his followers
safeguard American lives and American rights. This was firm and clear
safeguard for the world the principle of equal and impartial trade with
safety lies in running back, sometimes in running forward; and these
safety, protection, and happiness, always with the condition precedent,
sage, however incontestably reason and experiment may prove to him
sages and heroes of their revolution were born and bred subjects of the
said Anatole. "Well, comrades and friends..." he considered for a
said Berg. "The army is burning with a spirit of heroism and the
said Nicholas, also not listening to anyone and regardless of
said Paulucci, as the Emperor mounted the steps and noticing Prince
said Pierre, regretfully and with an effort, feeling it essential to
said Shinshin, laughing ironically and mixing the most ordinary
said Vera, "because I know what interests each of them and what to say
said a few words in the elder's presence about loyalty to the Tsar and
said a tall, grizzly-haired staff captain, with enormous mustaches and
said an old priest to a lady who had taken a seat beside him and was
said and sometimes asked them to repeat their remarks, but did not
said before, and immediately continued:
said he with a sense of shame and wishing to change the subject. "I am
said he. "Now for trouble!" Rostov looked out of the window and saw
said in German, "das soll mein Weib werden,"* and from that moment had
said nothing to Boris and, evidently unable to suppress the thoughts
said nothing, but only delighted in it and wished to hear it again. In
said she, uttering the word with peculiar assurance and unconcern,
said so and I am beginning to experience it. But the Guards, Rapp, the
said something to him in French in an undertone and then went up to
said something, and two of his aides-de-camp galloped off to the
said that God, to reward or punish his people, gave Napoleon power and
said that the fiscal system must be reorganized and the accounts
said that the prince was at home, and showed him into a clean little
said there was now more hope. Sonya and Natasha were nursing him.
said this in a moment of anger. I am calm. I have thought it over, and
said to be more Napoleon's man than ours, and he is always advising
said to her, went to the looking glass and arranged her hair and
said to herself, and rushing at him embraced him, pressed his head
said to himself, "Ah, there will be, and there are, many more such
said to himself, "the Kiev grenadiers and the Podolsk chasseurs must
said to myself: 'That is a monarch,' and I devoted myself to him! So
said, "and make easy the way for them, and then see what an influx of
said, "and tell Mademoiselle Bourienne not to come to me," she
said, a serious library, and he made it a rule to read through all the
said, and to doubt the correctness of that decision would be to risk
said, coming from the window and giving Rostov a large envelope. In it
said, he could not have a moment's peace and could not die quietly.
said, holding the casement and not closing it. "With lanterns. Most
said, laughing and blushing:
said, though evidently seeing and hearing something quite different.
said. Pierre's past life and his unhappiness prior to 1812 (of which
sail and row a five-ton scow up the river at a speed of from ten to
sailors and driven them into the British navy.
saints could have endured it with patience and fortitude.
sake of good society--that Pierre could not refuse, and promised to
sal-volatile. Weak carbolic lotions, or lead and opium lotion, are
sales filled all the passages and alleys of the Bazaar. But there were
salicylate of iron (2-5 gr. every three hours), and in giving plenty of
salicylate of iron, and others, have a reputation, more or less
salicylates are given for the relief of pain, and for this purpose drugs
salivation occurs, the drinking of hot water and the taking of hot baths
saltpeter and blood. Clouds gathered and drops of rain began to fall
salute according to all the rules of art, and, presenting the hilt
same as usual," and Princess Mary pale, frightened, and with
same capacity for varying expression and the same prevalent appearance
same class as himself and possessed the same breeding and
same company dog Jack, and the same commanders. The sailor rarely
same conditions and with the same character he will do the same
same expression of agitated surprise and guilt she went about the
same face on the catafalque, and the encounter he had with Zubov
same food as Gerasim. The other was that vague and quite Russian
same kind sprang from a second door and a third; more hugging, more
same law of love and forgiveness, a priest, gave the soldier a cross
same method, high school texts on algebra and geometry would include the
same mind he began explaining the advantages and disadvantages of
same moment he saw smoke, blood, and the pale, scared faces of the
same neighborhood. And so it was decided to send the letters and money
same parts of the face; it is equally chronic, and may partly heal. It
same pleasant composure and the same veiled look in his eyes with
same position he had seen her in five minutes before and, despite
same time quite contradictory views as to what is bad and what is good
same time, and the participation of American troops in the suppression
same time, was in splendid condition. There were only 217 sick and
same timid, plain maiden getting on in years, uselessly and
same union of majesty and mildness.... And the feeling of enthusiasm
same way as the old-fashioned _dry cup_, and is more convenient and
same way it was impossible not to retreat another and a third day's
same year; and other agents were dispatched to Florence, Vienna, and
same. Pierre did not come either and Natasha, not knowing that
same.... Is everything ready?" he added. "Only tell me where to go and
samovar and the tea cakes; only one thing was lacking that he had
samovar ready!... You've grown plumper and prettier," she remarked,
samovar was produced and a cellaret and half a bottle of rum, and
sap and undermine the rulings of Marshall. The protective tariff, under
sarcastic smile and the freedom of Pierre's remarks. Only Count Rostov
sarcastically that the Commission had existed for a hundred and
sarcoma and in cases in which, on account of their anatomical situation,
sat among them and could not utter a word. He hugged the first soldier
sat at the window, uneasily watching the people who drove past and
sat down beside Dolokhov, nudging with his elbow in a friendly and
sat down in a dark corner behind a bookcase, and began to run her
sat down, listened to their talk with a serious and thoughtful air,
satchels, sabretaches, open portmanteaus, and dirty boots. Two freshly
satisfaction and a confession that besides sorrow life also has joy.
satisfaction of simple human needs, and that all unhappiness arises
satisfaction, try as she might to hide it, and perturbed as she
satisfactory cause, that they are exaggerated and wanting in harmony
satisfied. Still organized labor protested and demanded more protection
sausage-shaped, and is constricted opposite the annular ligament.
savage yells and swayed about him, Rostopchin suddenly turned pale
save Russia and that that was why, against the Emperor's wish and by
save the child. She had now become quiet and, clinging with her little
saved money, gone West, and taken up a homestead. Now the free lands
savings and profits of the nation and in financing new as well as old
saw arriving at the entrance to dine with the Emperor and the court
saw himself reflected in his wife. He felt the good and bad within
saw how fixed and rooted in the nature of things was the American
saw in the United States only roughness and ignorance. She lamented the
saw my enemy and yet loved him. I experienced that feeling of love
saw that the horsemen did not dismount and that the wolf shook herself
saw the coldness and malevolence with which the old prince received
saw the dragoons near and that they were galloping in disorder; he
say Mass cleaned and locked up the church. That night the doors were
say and as if she were saying it to someone else, with whom joking was
say and hastened to supply it. Others in that heat and crush racked
say in what the peculiarity of the horse and rider lay, yet at first
say it, and only blushed till the tears came, and lowered his eyes.
say more to the frightened and shamefaced count, he lashed the heaving
say something striking and took part in a conversation only when
say that it is dull in my house again," and she glanced at Helene.
say to herself, and she moved forward without again looking round
say, and Prince Andrew felt that something gave way in his soul and
say," and concealing his unvarying emotion he would press his cheek
say. Then Efim deliberately doffed his hat and began crossing himself.
saying I began picturing to myself the condition of my inner man and
saying a word to anyone, took his cap and left the house by the back
saying it right, I have drunk a good deal--but that is how I feel, and
saying more and more frequently.
saying something to Prince Andrew. Pierre went up to his friend and,
saying something witty and stinging.
saying something, but when Pierre entered he stopped speaking and went
saying, he was gazing now at the sovereign and now at the men
says everybody is suffering, tortured, and being corrupted, and that
says little, but what she does say is always clear and simple, so
says that this occurred because Kutuzov and Tormasov and Chichagov,
says, 'Make me whole,' says he, 'and I'll give thee what the Tsar
says, 'we tie our faces up with kerchiefs and turn our heads away as
scab-covered feet. (The horseflesh was appetizing and nourishing,
scale and a strike could paralyze a basic enterprise like coal mining or
scales creeping along the walls), and the heat and smoke and
scalp, and is usually met with in adolescent young adults.
scaly, and as they are due to infiltration of the skin they are more
scant leisure for the cultivation of the arts and sciences. There was
scanty and delicate, the tumour is soft and brain-like, and is described
scar may broaden, become raised above the surface, and assume a
scarcely audible, broken whisper, and began kissing his hand more
scarcely felt, the worst was the state of his bare, raw, and
scared look, said something to his coachman, and his horses
scarring and deformity.
scatter, and the young wolves were bigger than dogs. It was the best
scattered about the world and like herself were garnering the last
scattered and individual workers into a common brotherhood. An attempt
scattered here and there among the birches was an unpleasant
scattered over the hyperaemic area, and contain a clear yellowish or
scattered over the trunk and limbs, and are probably the result of
scattered over the whole place were dragging logs and brushwood and
scented, and shining head, and complacently seated himself on the
scheme and the king disapproved it for the reason, Franklin said, that
scheme, and that if there were now any difficulties the whole fault
school books, woman suffrage, heavy income taxes, and the referendum.
schoolhouses were built, preached sermons and taught lessons that
schools, and colleges. They set up forges and workshops. They spun and
schools, libraries, and museums. Few there were with time to read long
sciatic and other large nerves of the limbs.
science and our sacred all-embracing teaching is clear to me. Human
sciences dissect everything to comprehend it, and kill everything to
scientific and rational basis. Recognising the "beneficent intention" of
sclerosed, and the medullary canal is obliterated. When the infection
sclerosis may be undone, and rarefaction may even proceed beyond the
sclerosis with obliteration of the medullary canal, and the surface is
sclerosis, and if, following upon this, there is caseation of the
scope; and wages and hours, in view of competition with other shops,
scorn and sarcasm to the bitter end.
scouting, killed one hare and wounded another. Following the wounded
scrambled the soldiers and militiamen.
scraped with a sharp spoon, and painted over with acid nitrate of
scraped, and in the same order in which they had entered but with
scratched his back and made a movement of the lips resembling a smile.
screamed with delight and tears fell from her eyes. But this only
screaming, on the ground, and again looking at the Frenchman and the
screams and groans, sometimes feigned--or so it seemed to Rostov. He
screams, and groans mingled in a general hubbub, then the firing
screen before the choir on the left side, and a feeling, new to her,
scurf, or drops of perspiration falling from the head, the surgeon and
sea and the combined French and American forces on land.
sea of aides-de-camp. Farther and farther he rode away, stopping at
sea of mist, some wooded hills were discernible, and it was there
sea power sank into the background and the ocean was again white with
seaboard states and to transform the region of the Great Lakes into an
seacoast and soil." A Boston newspaper declared that the union was
seamen and their courage as fighting men. They raised the rates of
search for relief became desperate, and they at last concentrated their
search of the life, wild and free, where the rifle supplied the game and
search, and, on suspicion, seize merchant ships approaching colonial
searched and analyzed, the copyright letters written, etc.   Our
searched and analyzed, the copyright letters written, etc.   Our
searching for a way to reduce armaments and avoid the bloody and costly
seas themselves and settled in America, as in the case of Massachusetts,
seas, and offences against the law of nations;
seas, sent her fleet to unite with the forces of Spain, France, and
seas. Less spectacular, and more distinctive, were the deeds of the
seat of disease. When it is, there is pain and tenderness referred to
seat of haemorrhage and thus to give rise to pressure symptoms resembling
seat of infection, but themselves enter the blood-stream and are carried
seat of interstitial myositis or of gummata, and these affections
seat, its origin, the time at which it occurs, and other circumstances.
seat. "No, I don't want that, I don't want to see and understand that.
seated in the drawing room, helped to receive and entertain the
seats of fibroma, and it may occur in a multiple form. It is met with
seats, their knees, and at the back of their necks. In the midst of
sebaceous and sweat glands. If the external orifice becomes occluded,
seceded in April; but fifty-five of the one hundred and forty-three
secession but "the male citizens of said state, twenty-one years old and
secession. Henry Clay, the great compromiser, came to the rescue and in
secession; and they were stripped of the support of the prostrate
second and third decades. There is evidence that the irritation caused
second column marches... The third column marches..." and so on,
second day of the disease, redness and swelling of the mucous membrane
secondary abscesses that occur in pyaemia; and they are sometimes
secondary and tertiary stages of the disease. The primary lesion is in
secondary stage, a _synovitis_ with serous effusion is not uncommon, and
secondly, the army under Bagration, and thirdly, the one commanded
secretaries of state and what not did not count. It was what Mr.
secrets of her soul, and it seemed as if she could never finish.
section amid the regimental wagons and horses which were standing in a
section and gave a decided bent to the economic and political life of
section it is of a greyish-blue colour and semi-translucent. The tumour
section. It is known as a _white thrombus_ or laminated clot, and is
sectional, more and more national. The South was drawn into the main
sections and free from those state traditions which ran back to the
sections of the mountain and coast states.
sections who feared the dominance of commercial and manufacturing
sections, carefully planned and skillfully drawn. By its provisions
sections: the National Farmers' Alliance and Industrial Union,
sects made the dominance of any single denomination impossible; and in
secular matters were determined. The union of church and government was
secured his second boot and was slapping one boot against the other.
secured; the resolution was carried and transmitted to the states for
securing a cross-fire action of the radium rays, both from within and
securing immigrants,--slavery, indentured servitude, and kidnapping
securing signatures to a petition, and to submit his candidacy to his
see all this and not feel sad? But 'the maggot gnaws the cabbage,
see him till the next day) and to the insistence of Bennigsen,
see him, and smiled at him unnaturally. He did not ask about the
see how the South was able to embark on secession and war with such
see only the general historic interest of that time and do not see all
see so large an element of necessity and so little free will that as
see the Emperor immediately!" thought Rostov and galloped on.
see the valves opening and wheels turning; but I have no right to
see them, went to the back porch and out through the gate.
see through you and three yards into the ground under you," he
see whether it was firmly plaited, and grasping his by the hand.
see you. Marya Dmitrievna is with her and she too asks you to come."
see you? I love you madly. Can I never...?" and, blocking her path, he
seed, is contained the germ of all despotism and of all tyranny.
seeing her severe face said: "Well, good-by, Countess," and kissing
seeing the King of Rome, the son and heir of their adored monarch.
seeing the shell fly past and fall into the ranks of the supports.
seekers, and the new institution was soon denounced as vigorously as
seeking to make men and society better."
seemed an hour. Suddenly the broad muscles and lines of the count's
seemed calm; he wrapped his loose cloak closer and rubbed one bare
seemed dark, coarse, and meaningless, was suddenly shown up in
seemed even quieter and more diffident than usual. The guests were
seemed filled with the rattle of the wheels and the sensation of
seemed rather disgraceful to fight with a cudgel and they wanted to
seemed ready to lift its tail, jump down on its soft paws, and begin
seemed simple and natural. "And she is such a grande dame, so kind,
seemed that we all left the room and something strange happened. We
seemed to Prince Andrew mirthless and tiresome. Speranski's
seemed to be dozing. His head sank forward and then he roused himself.
seemed to be fixed in the sky and felt that something new was
seemed to be seeking something, and soldiers dragging doors,
seemed to fill the whole wood and carried far beyond out into the open
seemed to have definitely decided on, Denisov turned his horse and
seemed to him pleasant and easy during that first part of his stay
seemed to hold herself with particular dignity, and always spoke
seemed to them all that he was preparing something for them and
seemingly ironic smile at what was before him and listened to what was
seems bad, and vice versa. And what is more, we find at one and the
seems excellent and reasonable to them all.
seems more free and less inevitable to one who does not know it. In
seems to flourish best when it finds a nidus in necrotic tissue and is
seen alone, now Frenchmen alone, now infantry, and now cavalry: they
seen anyone who together with awkward and clumsy gestures possessed
seen before--human eyes fixed upon her--and turning her head a
seen by the surgeon, such as the weak, the inflamed, and the callous
seen everywhere, in front and to the right and left. All this was
seen her, and all his doubts vanished--not because she had answered
seen in society, and those who met her there were not pleased with her
seen on the faces at the foot of the hill at Mozhaysk and
seen returning to the Kremlin. Among the Old Guard disorder and
seen the enemy's columns and guns. Our advanced line, already in
seen the previous evening at Boris'--ran forward and, bowing
seen, and Cossacks and hussars who had rigged up rough shelters in the
seething in the smoke, and the roar of cannon and musketry did not
seize her by the ears. It was evident to the dogs, the hunters, and to
seized her prey, the hare moved and darted along the balk between
seized him, rolled over like a ball. The hare arched his back and
seized the hussar and began lifting him.
seizes the letters, opens them, and reads those from the Emperor
seizure of the Duke of Oldenburg's territory, and the Russian Note,
seizure of transports, and the guerrilla war were all departures
selected series of continuous events and examine it apart from others,
selected. All over the country similar meetings were held and political
self, and so before one can know, it is necessary to believe and to
self, and the flourishing of his saber, the soldiers all continued
self, that we must all become like her, and that they were glad to
self-confident and refined expression on the faces of those present he
self-government and free homes, who had braved such hardships to
self-government, and an invitation to all powers to join in a guarantee
self-government, and at its close they were free to follow the general
self-government, and commercial improvement. The only remaining question
self-knowledge and self-perfecting. Besides this he advised me for
self-preservation, he clutched the crupper of his saddle and, spurring
self-respect, but admit that the time and place are very badly chosen.
self-sacrifice, patriotic devotion, despair, grief, and the heroism of
self-sacrificing spirit in which she was accustomed to live and
self-satisfaction and enthusiasm, Natasha with a quiet, happy smile.
self-satisfaction in his face and bearing. Though it was impossible to
self-satisfied girl, enjoying every moment of her existence and full
self-satisfied merriment. He lifted his head high and gazed at Denisov
self-will, "he is wicked and heartless. There now, I like your Denisov
selfish and interested principles, whether in pursuit of the offices or
seller and buyer may agree on, and if a seller is unable to obtain a
seller, and ship owner at New Haven when the news of Lexington called
selling any of his wife's property, and having received a small
semi-fluid jelly, and if this change takes place throughout the tumour
semi-membranosus and the medial head of the gastrocnemius_ is most
semicircle round something where the ball had fallen, and an old
semicircles when he laughed--as he often did--were all sound and good,
semifluid consistence. The pure myxoma is extremely rare, and
semiopen trap, and a baggage cart. With her traveled Mademoiselle
senators and representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the
sending a shock of alarm to every center and section of the young
senile gangrene are of necessity bad lives, and a guarded opinion should
sensation, haematuria, and melaena are among the other symptoms that may
sense of justice, and in obedient submission to circumstances, he
senselessly wasted unless he applied it to some kind of work and again
senses, he moved a little, and suddenly there was a ringing in his
sensibility to heat and cold, by test-tubes containing water at
sensitive papillae of the corium. Corns are due to the friction and
sensitiveness natural to him was very gentle and wary with them both
sent for Balashev and read him his letter to Napoleon, ordered him
sent for Mademoiselle Bourienne and went with her to the drawing room.
sent for Mademoiselle Bourienne, and subsided into his study.
sent that printed army order and Nicholas' letter to the Rostovs,
sent to look for them, arrived to fetch Natasha and Petya. The count
sent you to ask for strawberries and fresh pineapples.' We can't get
sent, and by the reports of the guerrillas, Kutuzov was almost sure
sentiments of sweetness and strength which are the finest flowers of
separate and again blended, now into solemn church music, now into
separate and independent congregation before they came to America. The
separate and united whole, though each of the groups was rapidly
separate the vessels concerned and to close the opening in each by
separate welfare by the formation of a compact and union that will
separated and becomes impacted as an embolus in the artery beyond,
separated from their normal surroundings, and of growing again when once
separated in their flight and spread out over a distance of
separately incomprehensible conceptions of freedom and inevitability.
separation of an epiphysis. There is also the risk of fat embolism, and
separation of the dead bone, drainage should be improved, and the
separation! Though I tell myself that half my life and half my
septic infection. The term _bullet-bubo_ has been applied to them, and
septic poisonings, in pneumonia, and in cancerous growths associated
septic; and it may accompany septic infection of the genital tract in
sequestra are heavier and denser than normal bone, because sclerosis
sequestrum often of considerable size and characteristic shape, which,
sequestrum, and the amount of new bone on the surface. Finally the
serfs' manorial labor had been diminished, and heard the touching
sergeant was an impostor, that he had lied, and that the whole Russian
serges, kerseys, and linsey-woolseys which served for the common wear."
serics of sensible and logical considerations showing it to be
series of events, and are executed.
series of experiments and arguments proves to him that the complete
series of thin, interlacing, and branching _filaments_, some of which
serious collisions seem to have occurred; and in the days of the
serious deformity, and considerable portions of the jaws may be lost by
serious duel, and besides, Drubetskoy, who says he is an old friend of
serious expression. But the author himself took the verses and began
serious operation, and one which is more liable to be followed by
seriously and minutely examining various religious, philosophic, and
seriously crippled, especially when the tendon sheaths and bursae also
seriously embarrassed, as the suitor could not but know; and above
seriously wounded and was traveling with their party, she had at first
seriously. It all lies in that: get rid of falsehood and let war be
sero-purulent discharge. The edges are slightly inflamed, and show no
serous_ and _purulent synovitis_--there is the usual general reaction,
serum and a few pus cells, and as this dries on the edges it forms scabs
serum exudes, and, drying, forms a thick scab. Under this scab the skin
servant announced that the carriage was ready, and Marya Dmitrievna
servant of God and zealous champion of old of our country's weal, is
servant. "Its rates should be just to and open to all shippers alike."
servants and stayed for months. Besides that, four times a year, on
servants ran noisily about the house and yard, shouting and disputing.
servants to rejoice in Thy mercy; smite down our enemies and destroy
servants was very high. The Baltimores, Penns, Carterets, and other
servants were bringing in jugs and basins, hot water for shaving,
servants worked, and they all wore holiday dress and went to church.
servants, and a rosy girl with a large plait of black hair, smiling as
serve her and be a splendid minister; but as soon as she is in
served the Tsar and my countwy honowably and have not stolen! And am I
service and all their resources, human and material, thrown into the
service and was familiar with the difficulties encountered by royal
service to Denisov. He knew his stubborn will and straightforward
service, she has connections and some means. In our times that is
service. Calhoun was already broken in health and in a few months was to
service. Such is the story of the chief American military leaders, and
service. The victory is complete and Russia will not forget you! Honor
service. Under the gleaming icons stood a long invalid chair, and in
services. He took the glove in silence from the aide-de-camp, and
serving our Tsar and our country, rejoicing in the successes and
servitude and tenantry and in the direction of the freehold; that is,
session, flung open the doors and presented to the Americans the
set in westward, creeping through forests, across rivers, and over
set on one side and very becoming to his handsome face. Having
set out to look for the child, so crowded was it now with people and
set the merchant free and give him a compensation that had been
set up and sustain democratic institutions. They preferred rather the
set upon and beaten. Some of them were murdered by indignant neighbors.
setting his arms akimbo, began stamping his cold feet rapidly and
settle among them. In 1850 the colony was so populous and prosperous
settled first of all! But probably he knows it well enough and is only
settled themselves in their carriages and drove off.
settled with "Uncle" where they should set on the hounds, and having
settlement and furnished a ready outlet for local manufactures, so they
settlement. The more adventurous were continually moving west and
settlers, the companies and proprietors having colonies in America
settling the interior and upland regions. There they cleared the land,
seven members from each state chosen as the legislature might direct and
seven miles away from the French. At Grunth also some apprehension and
seven pillars and steps of the Temple, the seven sciences, the seven
seventeen years about 1,600,000 acres had been reclaimed and more than a
seventeenth century. Ships, tools, and supplies called for huge outlays
seventh of October: kitchens and sheds were dismantled, carts
several different roads available for the French, and one would have
several generations of the same family, and is often multiple, there
several occasions seen diabetic coma supervene and the patient die
several of the soldier prisoners tunneled under the wall and ran away,
several officers of wide experience, and remained loyally throughout the
several persons with excited faces hurried there and back again.
several states joined in a concerted effort and compelled their
several times went to the door and listened, wishing to enter but
severe and sweeping in its terms. It imposed heavy penalties upon any
severe and unbroken labor, chopping down trees, draining fever-breeding
severe cases the median and ulnar nerves are also the seat of
severe fighting of the war and pressed forward steadily against the most
severe, and is usually ushered in by a distinct chill or even a rigor,
severed from Massachusetts in 1679, and Georgia, surrendered by the
severed from their surroundings and do not functionate as grafts except
severely _crushed_ or _bruised_ that its blood vessels are occluded and
severity of the condition. If the pulse remains firm, full, and regular,
severity of the gonorrhoea and the incidence of joint disease. In women,
severity of the spasms, he should be placed in a quiet room, and every
severity with which marauding and insubordination were now regarded,
severity, with the formation of bullae, and end in dry gangrene. As a
severity. Trismus is the most marked and constant form of spasm; and
sex, and usually begins in childhood or youth, sometimes after an
shabby blue cassock--probably a church clerk and chanter--was
shadow of a smile: only her eyes were kindly attentive and sadly
shaft and each of the epiphyses a disc of actively growing
shaft has undergone extensive necrosis, and a shell of new bone has been
shaft of the bone, and the epiphysis only indirectly. The young bone is
shaft, and tapering off above. The periosteum is more easily detached,
shaft, the lower one quiescent, the upper one active and increasing in
shafts may grow unequally and come to deviate from their normal axes as
shafts of bones rather than the articular ends, and in the comparative
shaking and swaying, came to a stop. The carriage steps clattered as
shakos and carrying muskets, knapsacks, and enormous sacks, stood in
shall America--first among the nations of the earth in wealth and
shall be determined by yeas and nays, and the names of the persons
shall be held illegal and void.
shall be in a more prominent position," continued Berg, "and vacancies
shall be valid to all intents and purposes as part of this Constitution,
shall certainly adopt an innovation and call him simply Bonaparte!"
shall extend an effective organization and laws over them, give it their
shall have been increased during such time; and no person, holding any
shall not see you," or, "I am staying in for your sake," and so on.
shall rest and spend the night," and during the first day's journey
shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to the seat of the
shame and anger choking him, had already leapt from his horse and
shame and arrested in his presence, fully alive now to the impropriety
shamefaced smile. His huge figure, with arms hanging down and with a
shameless, and he ignores her!"
shape of the "bonanza farm" devoted mainly to wheat and corn and
shape of worm-eaten depressions and perforations, and do not become
shape, and the solid form is rarely larger than a hazel-nut. The nerve
shaped alveoli. If the alveoli are large and the intervening stroma is
shapely shoulders, back, and bosom--which in the fashion of those days
share defeat and disgrace with Kutuzov's whole army."
share in all political offices, honors, and emoluments; the right to
share your sorrow, and that for you I am not a Serene Highness, nor
sharp and vigorous terms. "As we are not willing," ran the platform, "to
sharply cut, irregular margins, which bleed easily and yield an abundant
sharply defined subdivisions of and parties:
shattered at the battles of the Nile and Trafalgar. War on Great
she asked. "They say old maids have a mania for matchmaking, and
she came in and saw him she paused. "Is it possible that this stranger
she contemplated between Anatole and the little princess'
she cried suddenly to her own surprise and with tears in her voice.
she felt herself a being accidentally forgotten in this world and left
she had known and always slightly feared. He was in a woman's dress,
she had none of the advantages and pleasures of city life. She did not
she had regarded with surprise and amusement at Otradnoe, was just the
she had seen and noticed long ago at the ball in Petersburg. He was
she had then felt. She recalled his long sad and severe look at
she heard her mother praying and sighing and the creaking of her bed
she heard through the door, made her immediately forget herself and
she insisted on having her own way, and after that nursed all her
she is not stupid. She never was abashed and is not abashed now, so
she is quite original, strange, new, and unknown. And she loves me.
she knew let her have the keys of the catacombs, and how she, taking
she knew she must not say this and that it would be useless to do
she leaned out from behind the apron and, waving her thin arms from
she lived, the more experience and observation she had of life, the
she loved and was beloved, though she never said this definitely to
she mentioned Napoleon and some other exalted personages), that she
she might, and then kissed him.
she must herself have been ashamed of so wild a cry and everyone
she resumed her duties as hostess and continued to listen and watch,
she said was true and appropriate, yet, strange to say, everyone-
she said with external dignity and coldness, though she felt the tears
she saw an indistinct shape in the corner, and mistook his knees
she saw nothing. She began blinking rapidly and moved away from the
she show her worth, and she was accustomed to this and loved doing it.
she sighed, and her deep eyes expressed a quiet sadness as though
she submitted herself to Mademoiselle Bourienne and Lise. Both these
she suddenly rose and with her heavy tread went up to the table. She
she thought. "Everybody always has liked me, and I am so willing to do
she turned pale, now blushed and strained every nerve to overhear what
she was a sinner who loved her father and little nephew more than God.
she was agreeable, and everything depend on her daughter's
she was beloved, and was happy in regard to it.
she was certainly good-looking and sensible, no one up to now had
she was feeling. She knew that Sonya with her severe and simple
she was jealous of Sonya, of the governess, and of every woman, pretty
she went to Sonya and began sorting patterns with her.
she were some prodigy on show and not a human being able to hear or
sheathed it. The Cossacks were untying their horses and tightening
sheaths about the wrist and ankle. It may occur in a mild form, with
sheaths and of bursae--_chronic synovitis_, _teno-synovitis_ and
sheaves of resolutions protesting and condemning; but Marshall never
shed, and its tone was so sincere that he could not but listen.
shedding tears of joy and excitement and embracing her mother.
sheep were broken up into small plots. The cowboy and ranchman vanished.
sheet of paper. He looked gloomily in Rostov's face and said: "I am
shifting grain is good and one sometimes hears that, too."
ship he is holding on to. But as soon as a storm arises and the sea
ship was built at New Amsterdam, and by the middle of that century
ship" and accept a third term. He declined, saying that election for
shipper and another and granting secret rebates to favored persons. This
shippers and travelers. The result was the interstate commerce act of
ships and kept British merchantmen in constant anxiety. Not until the
ships and to carry off British-born sailors found on board American
ships carried slaves to the Southern colonies and the produce of the
ships carrying oil, gasoline, and copper--all war materials of prime
ships, searching them, and carrying away British-born sailors found on
ships, supply the stores, and assemble the settlers necessary to found
shipwrights, calkers, rope makers, and other artisans of the seaport
shirt out over the fire, and not waiting for an answer he gave a grunt
shirt sleeves tucked up, without a coat, pale and with a trembling
shock, and which does not attain its maximum degree of severity for
shock, setting gentlemen in powdered wigs and knee breeches agog with
shoes, and leather goods pouring from Northern mills surpassed in value
shop. She had taken a cab and driven home by a side street and the
shops and houses--but there was no army.
shops and passages some men were to be seen in gray coats, with
shops, bakers' signboards, street lamps, and sleighs!" thought Rostov,
short and superficial one, because there is so much more work to be
short frocks and cloaks, were staring at their mother with a look of
short hair was wet and matted on the forehead, but his face, though
short pause, again rising and again pacing the room, "tomorrow you
shorter and broader, and does not stain by Gram's method. It requires
shortsighted delight at the misery of others, and doubts and
shortsighted eyes tried to make out his features, and then she saw his
shot almost straight across Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, into Missouri.
shot gleamed in the darkness. This was the last French attack and
shot may scatter widely through the contained viscera, and there is
shot was heard and then another, at first irregularly at varying
shots. The sensation of those terrible whistling sounds and of the
should act, but instead of that he only excited himself more and more.
should be bare. In the midst of the song cries were heard, and
should be completed as speedily and as bloodlessly as possible. The
should be elected by popular vote, and declared it to be the intention
should be glad and not cry."
should be insisted upon, and half-dram doses of the alkaline sulphates
should be interfered with; the maxillary and mandibular divisions should
should be lost to the home; and secondly, from his hussar point of
should be no discrimination in railway and port charges among the
should be scraped with the sharp spoon, and cauterised.
should be sutured to each other, and as the proximal end is retracted
should be wrapped in cotton wool and blankets, and surrounded by
should exist and might be discovered.
should first be carefully and skillfully prepared, and then told the
should go back in the sleigh with Dimmler, and Sonya with Nicholas and
should have made a flank march to such and such a place, Tormasov to
should have said at Anna Pavlovna's and vice versa.
should have said to destroy him and retain their power.
should have seen her ecstasy, and how he caught it for having stayed
should make peace after all our sacrifices and such insane retreats!
should much like to be an adjutant and not remain at the front."
should not be fought, and that a new war should not be begun nor the
should not be so rigid as in uncomplicated diabetes, and that opium
should not deprive a wife of one's embraces and gave me to
should not have made peace with Turkey and should not have been
should not justify your confidence and the honor you have done me in
should not stiffen while open, and with another handkerchief tied
should one love and what hate? What does one live for? And what am
should order what can be executed. But to know what can and what
should overlap and confine the end of the sleeve of the sterilised
should take part in an argument between the general and the colonel on
should, if possible, be nursed by its mother, and failing this it should
shoulder and an ax stuck in his girdle. When he espied Denisov he
shoulder, hip, and spine. It is due to a protective contraction of the
shoulders and eyes, almost closing the latter, sighed, and moved
shoulders and flourished his castanets as if threatening someone.
shoulders and frowning brows stood a hundred paces away from them in
shoulders raised. His lips are firmly closed, his eyes glitter, and
shoulders, and noisy stalls brilliant with uniforms, glittered
shoulders. He wore a red mantle, and stretched his long legs forward
shoulders. Sonya stood ready dressed in the middle of the room and,
shout was threateningly repeated and he heard the click of the man's
shouted "Cavalry!" and our men had begun firing. They were still
shouted Denisov, suddenly, turning purple and rushing at the man
shouted different people and the people dashed in pursuit of the trap.
shouted something breathlessly with emphatic intonations and gestures.
shouted to his master, "The count has come!" and Denisov, who had been
shouted, "and then I shall reserve the right to state my opinion also.
shouted, grew angry, quarreled, said they had come quite wrong and
shouting and even a little themselves--and it was on this that the
shouting and fighting, not at all as the gunner and the Frenchman with
shouting and singing in the street; cockroaches rustled on the
show, and all of them, with few exceptions, were men of property and
showed him her album. Boris sketched two trees in the album and wrote:
showed itself in the expression of Denisov's face and the
showed that, in spite of all his love and respect for his father, he
shower shells on the Russian fleches and redoubts. This could not be
showing dark green beside the fence. And even that ruined and befouled
showing him every respect, though five years before and one year later
showing sequestrum in medullary cavity, and increase in girth from
shown by Helene. She asked him several questions about his journey and
shown him. You can undertake the theater, I society, and you,
shown that the blockhead thinks nothing of her and looks only at
shrank from the driving rain and gazed anxiously before him. His
shrine of the Mother of God and to Madame Suppert-Roguet, who was so
shrine of the Mother of God, and then we'll drive to the
shriveled and listless as if they were old, creep slowly about without
shrugged his and raised his hand to the kerchief, as if wishing to
shuddered and sat up. He had no idea how long he had been there. In
shuddered at the sound and then, smiling at his own sensations,
shuffling along in his galoshes as far as the door and stopped and
shutters and bearing a bootmaker's signboard, stood a score of thin,
shying and snorting horse and, accompanied by the dogs yelping at her,
shyly entered the shed followed by an adjutant and the regimental
sick of carnage? Lincoln is always ready to listen and turns away only
side and at first did not play. Dolokhov kept glancing at him.
side and flourishing the whip.
side and my body on the other. I looked round and saw Brother A.
side and treated her husband in a friendly and conspiratorial style,
side of death. But you are strong, healthy, cheerful, and excited, and
side of it. When subcutaneous and related to the smaller unnamed
side of neck and left axilla, in a woman aet. 44. Three years' duration.]
side of the leg and foot. Sensibility to deep touch is only lost over a
side to side, had drawn nearer to the young woman and taking his hands
side understood him in their own way with limitations and
side with the spur, and how the well-trained horse looked round
side, and on the twenty-sixth the battle of Borodino itself took
sides and everywhere.
sides, new and fresh anecdotes were heard of individual examples of
sides, swaying as one mass with them in the center and rendering it
sides, the frightened baby began to cry, and people crowded silently
sideways at his partner with a merry and triumphant air, suddenly
sideways felt the pulse and reflected a moment. The sick man was given
siege of Savannah and De Kalb at Camden. Kosciusko survived the American
sighed and, doing so, groaned involuntarily.
sighed deeply, his whole chest heaving, and was silent for a while. "I
sighed, kissed her, and immediately began to cry. The princess
sight of a splendid field of oats in which a camp had been pitched and
sight of these blue French dragoons pursuing our Uhlans. Nearer and
sight-seers and grew weary waiting to be relieved. Prince Andrew
sighted the hare--and not without agitation he looked round and
sign and certify, and transmit sealed to the seat of the government of
sign and, in the other hand, the money to pay his salary. Then, with sly
sign of disturbance. A few days of general malaise, with chills and
sign or a nod from him making and undoing the fortunes of the humble and
signed by the governor, and transmitted to the other states for their
significance and to feel that there was no longer a place for him in
significance of commerce. Ship masters, ship builders, longshoremen, and
significance of his actions which were too contrary to goodness and
significance of the factor, and if we recognize this unknown
significance, and that Napoleon himself would be ashamed of them
significant relation between railways and politics must not be
significantly happy looks and smiles which seemed to express a
signs of agitation and confusion which appeared on Balashev's face.
signs to the footmen, and anxiously glancing from the clock to the
signs we possess, and is often present before pain is experienced by the
signs, and pass words; "so that no spy of the boss can find his way into
silence and coldness of late, had all combined to make her decide to
silence now and then with remarks which showed that he was in a good
silence, then both voices together with glad intonations, and then
silenced; business prostrate; our homes covered with mortgages; and the
silent and then again it sounded as if someone were walking on
silent, "that Sonya and Nicholas now say you to one another and meet
silent, morose, and with tear-stained face, everybody pretended not to
silent, was heard to say. His voice was calm and deliberate. "Moscow
silent?' 'Vewy good!' Then he says: 'Go and give a weceipt to the
silently and attentively for nearly a minute with the steady gaze of a
silently several times up and down the room, his fat shoulders
silently to table. The footmen drew back the chairs and pushed them up
silhouetted against the horizon and was pierced beyond Valuevo by
silks and velvets and so different from herself, who yet was able to
silly!) 'And honor and glory to whoever captures him,' he says. This
silver and with simply dressed hair (two immense plaits twice round
silver, copper, coal, and other minerals. In Nevada and Montana the
silver, was widely known as a bimetallist, and was only with difficulty
silverware, china, and cutlery he bought in English markets. Loving the
similar belief is natural and agreeable to traders, agriculturists,
similar local effects, injure the general health and ultimately cause
similar to that of lymph-follicular tissue, and the _alveolar sarcoma_
simple and easily stated. "It is the duty of the government," they
simple and that she had known it a long time (it seemed so to her
simple form, became lurid when transmuted into American news and deeply
simple just because it had all been thought out and he knew all
simple, and direct; but we have earnestly sought to stretch the
simple, and equally efficient. The day before operation the skin, after
simplest and most ordinary of men, and said the simplest and most
simplicity, goodness, and truth are absent.
simply because another, a very poor one, had already been prepared and
simply, and truly carrying out the great work which saved Russia.
simply, merrily, and inquisitively at him. And Prince Andrew, crossing
simply, naturally, and forcibly. Now in 1812, to anyone living in
simply, organically, and therefore in the way that always produces the
simulating those of scarlet fever or measles appear, and are apt to lead
simultaneously and struggle with one another--that a Legitimist
since been taken off, onto the farther bank, and reharnessed. The
since he had left. All the others let him go, and he ran to her.
sincere conviction that he alone had experienced and known all the
sincerity there could be no doubt. He was a speaker and writer of
sinful human race, and his own progress to the highest degree of
singing, and hissing continually around them. He spoke in the tone
single cavity and does not normally communicate with the shoulder-joint,
single gesture. She caught the unfinished word in its flight and
single joyous and spirited impression.
single man. Whenever I look at my watch and its hands point to ten,
single sentiment, that of fear for his young and happy life, possessed
single word he uttered, and would afterwards, with Dessalles or by
singly and sometimes in companies.
singly and timidly in the direction of his trap.
sinister purposes of Napoleon, withdrew their troops and left the field
sinking to his knees in the muddy field, and all one could see was
sinus, and, in rare instances, to cirsoid aneurysm.
sinuses it usually passes through a cloaca and strikes the dead bone
sinuses. When the abscess is allowed to burst, or is opened and becomes
sister had left for Moscow; and though there was nothing for him to do
sister," was all she said, in a dry and mournful tone.
sister. "Why isn't she dull and ashamed?"
sit down in a particular chair before anyone else and thereby extended
sit here. Three times we reached the guns and three times we were
sit. This morning I turned them all out and now look, it's full again.
site of former salmon patches, may persist, and the disease occasionally
sitting about in groups; they greeted Pierre and spoke of the town
sitting at home reading a book and trying to fathom the significance
sitting here for?" He rose and went up to Boris.
sitting his horse indolently and carelessly. Rostov recalled their
sitting huddled up feet and all in the corner of the sofa, tearing and
sitting in his foreign uniform on an hussar packhorse and looked
sitting motionless before the glass, looking at her face, and saw in
sitting room with a look of alarm. Between twelve and two o'clock,
sitting, one pair at each window. She stopped and smiled scornfully.
situation and nature of the tumour, which may have important bearings on
situation of the incision and the means taken to drain the cavity,
situations, such as the thigh and perineum, they tend to become
six years the National Labor Union continued to hold conferences and
sixteen men and I have fourteen, I am only one eighth weaker than
sixth of August (he considered that it could and should have been
size and becomes tense when the child cries.
size and number--as many as a thousand have been counted in one
size and shape of the wound; the entrance wound is increased in size and
size of a cherry, and when these burst sinuses or ulcers result. If the
size of a pea, is commonly met with, especially on the neck and trunk;
size required for his goods and stock, and drift down the current to his
skeleton, and, as it is associated with softening and bending of the
skeleton. The lime salts are absorbed, the bones lose their rigidity and
skilled and unskilled, men and women, white and colored, into a mighty
skilled workmen--printers, shoemakers, tailors, and carpenters--had, as
skillful than before. Even the enemy was the same as at Austerlitz and
skillfully changed the subject. He asked him to tell them how and
skin and nail; the nail is cut evenly, and the groove between it and the
skin and subcutaneous cellular tissue; it is seldom met with in the
skin and subcutaneous tissues extends higher than that of muscles and
skin and the coppery colour of the eruption. At the anus the papules
skin becomes livid and finally gives way. If the case is left to nature,
skin is destroyed and the caseated tissue of the gumma exposed.
skin is raised from the abdominal wall and the hand is passed beneath it
skin is smooth, tense, and glossy, and presents here and there blisters
skin is well stretched and kept flat and perfectly steady, the
skin or of a mucous membrane, they tend to project from the surface, and
skin over it becomes livid and dusky, and finally separates as a slough,
skin red and tense. Within a few hours, blood is extravasated in the
skin sloughs and pus escapes, after which the fever usually remits and
skin under the influence of friction and pressure, as was demonstrated
skin, and bullae containing blood-stained serum form on the surface. The
skin-grafting; the sources of mucous membrane are limited and the
skin. As it does so there may be some pain, redness, and local elevation
skull and the bones of the face, which are primarily developed in
skullcap on his head, and a short pipe in his mouth, came from
sky and the real stars were unnoticed. The sky was black and dreary,
sky, and knew that he was face to face with death. When he came to
sky. An immense crowd of bareheaded officers, soldiers, and militiamen
sky. Prince Andrew leaned his elbows on the window ledge and his
sky. There was no wind, and the men choked in that motionless
slackening pace and ready to put on speed when required.
slanting rays of the sun, and the songs of the cavalrymen vividly
slapping one another, yelling, and puffing.
slaughter one another; all the faces expressed hesitation, and the
slave, and that I could not help loving him. Yes, his slave!
slaveholding states and it practically chooses thirty of the sixty-two
slavery advocates of the Far South and the so-called pro-slavery
slavery and the convention, Fiske, pp. 256-266; and (4) the frame of
slavery and the planting system, the Republicans were also adroit in
slavery but all its badges of misery and servitude. On the same side
slaves and tilled the soil with their own hands, but they labored under
sleep or weep and did not speak to Sonya who got up and went to her
sleep, and in spite of his cold which had grown worse from the
sleep, think, speak, weep, work, give vent to her anger, and so on,
sleep. As time goes on several points of suppuration appear, and when
sleep. He read awhile and then put out his candle, but relit it. It
sleeping in the open air, are ill-fed and generally debilitated. The
sleeplessness and anxiety they threw their burden of sorrow on one
sleeve and, saying that she wanted to have a talk with him, led him to
sleigh. The same happy, smiling Circassian, with mustache and
sleigh; Dimmler, his wife, and Petya, into the old count's, and the
sleighs with large and small bells, their runners squeaking and
slender but graceful and muscular arms and neck. By the grace of her
slept all night. He glanced at Prince Andrew and did not even nod to
slices of bone, as this involves sacrifice of the cortex and periosteum.
slight and stops naturally, but it soon recurs, and is so profuse,
slight and transient, if it appears at all. Snake-bites in children are
slight," continued Nicholas. "We must hope for the best, and I am
slightest touch or by heat, and the patient usually learns for himself
slightly flexed at the knees, and are rotated out as well as curved; the
slightly pushed away the bald head. Vera, Natasha, Sonya, and Petya
slightly swinging one foot, and, with his head a little bent, looked
slightly to the lady and turned to him. Hardly had Balashev begun to
slim neck shaking with sobs and throbbing against the window frame.
slim pretty girl did not know, or wish to know, of his existence and
slippers and jumped onto the bed the countess had feared might
slips of the flexor sublimis attached to them and supplied by the median
sloping descent lit up, and facing it a black knoll that seemed as
sloping ledge. As he began slipping down, his head and arm wavered
slough may implicate the wall of an artery and be followed by serious
sloughed out, by unhealthy granulations and a thick purulent discharge.
sloughing, cut away, and the patient should have frequent sitz baths of
sloughs are slow to separate, and leave deep punched-out cavities which
slow progress, and by the frequency with which it is associated with
slowing or stagnation of the blood-stream, and interference with the
slowly and causes little pain, and may long escape recognition unless an
slowly and on sufferance were they admitted to the province; but when
slowly and remains confined to the cervical glands for two or more
slowly escapes into the surrounding tissues, gradually displacing and
slowly fills again when the pressure is relaxed, and it swells up when
slowly moving amid the rows of soldiers and of other vehicles, had
slowly, and rarely causes any discomfort unless it presses upon a
slowly, and, while generally solitary, are sometimes multiple. They are
sluiceways to hold water and divert it as needed to the thirsty sands.
small and freely movable, as they are then easily shelled out after
small bodies of men and women, "united in solemn covenants with the
small cloud rose from the hill and was borne in a streak to the left
small doses), but they were useful, necessary, and indispensable
small farmers and big planters mingling in one community. When their
small states but between the planting section founded on slave labor and
small table tea things and supper dishes stood in disorder, and in the
small trenches had been dug and from which a few guns were firing, was
small, rapid, and irregular, delirium followed by coma ensues, and the
smaller mortality and with better functional results than by operation.
smaller the conception of freedom and vice versa.
smaller, firmer, less expansile, and less compressible; the murmur and
smaller. Princess Mary went up and kissed his hand. His left hand
smart. It was cold and dark. The officers were hurriedly drinking
smell and the sound that meet the beekeeper are not the same. To the
smells of honey like the others, and bees fly in and out in the same
smile Pierre felt an unexpected quivering in his breast and a tickling
smile and well-timed jests reconciled the antagonists. The Masonic
smile but now spoke as quietly and seriously as they.
smile had passed and Petya realized for a moment that this Tikhon
smile of embarrassment, doubt, and self-derision, which appeared on
smile, ambling lightly up to the count's niece. "I have come, and am
smile, and engaged the smiling Julie in a confidential conversation
smile, and pronouncing the phrase "knocked out" with ringing
smile. "And thou art more foolish and unreasonable than a little
smile. "Why don't you want to go? I promise to house and feed you,
smiled and was covered with something red--but was firmly convinced
smiled triumphantly, proudly, and with sly merriment, the fear that
smiled, and with dimples in her rosy cheeks followed him into the
smiled. She was the Countess Bezukhova, Pierre's wife, and the
smiling and making cheerful remarks in her agreeable voice. Princess
smiling at lightning flashes and thunderclaps, but "we will not be
smiling joyfully; and snatching the shawl from the footman, whom he
smiling radiantly and applauding the players. The young people had
smiling sadly, and he again pressed Prince Andrew's hand.
smilingly at the recollection and turning to Makarin who gazed
smithy, hearing the sounds of revelry in the tavern and supposing it
smoke of the campfires, and all that was around him changed and seemed
smoking and talking. He neither smoked nor talked, but bending his
smoking gun, and of Karataev's absence at this halt--and he was on the
smooth on the surface, and abnormally light.
smooth that it seemed to be made of one piece with her head and
smooth, pale, and depressed. This method of healing is sometimes spoken
smoothly and peacefully.
smuggled goods into Canada and Florida for shipment abroad.
smugglers one day in 1772, the armed ship, _Gaspee_, ran ashore and was
smuggling and sometimes connived at it; but at no time did they succeed
snatched at him and demanded his participation.
snatched off and their earrings torn out..." he flushed and grew
sniffed at it, and stamped his foot twice on the floor as a signal.
sniffing its nostrils and kissing it.
snoring of Platon who lay beside him, and he felt that the world
snout... 'Ah, what a... what...!' and I sta'ted fwashing him...
snow of the road, and each of the other sleighs jolted in the same
snow with eighteen degrees of frost, and without even full rations
snow. From that sleigh one could hear the shouts, laughter, and voices
snuffbox to his nose. "You are fond of travel, and in three days you
snuffbox, lifted it to his nose, and greedily sniffed at it.
so as a mother. As it is, not only has she left us, and particularly
so baffling to contemporaries, were more clearly and strongly
so bewildered him with fine words, and he is so flattered by his
so commonplace, that all their words and feelings seemed an insult
so dangerous both for girls and boys."
so devotedly grateful to her benefactors, and so faithfully,
so for friendship's sake he is leaving the university and me, his
so he could not but tremble and his heart stand still at the imminence
so ill that he may die at any moment, and Dr. Lorrain has come from
so ill! I was only there a few moments and hardly said a word..."
so irregular and so negligent in paying their quotas that further
so irritate and destroy the tissues as to lead to an actual increase in
so it can justify it again. "It is curious as it is melancholy and
so jealous about game and dogs. For myself, I can tell you, Count, I
so justly understood and condemned.
so long been preparing for it, and with a low bow offered it to
so many sympathizers. Moreover, Bowdoin and several members of the
so radical, and conduct so high-handed could not fail to arouse against
so recently built. It multiplied the number of industrial workers and
so sure he admired her, and not to be acquainted with him.
so that I would give my life for them, and the others I'd throttle
so that both her slender bare arms clasped him above his neck, and,
so that it is thickened, raised above the surface, and of a brownish-red
so that the lumen of the cut ends is diminished, and at the same time
so thought Rostov and most of the officers after the review.
so well and have the greatest respect for them."
so well as old nurses who knit stockings, and that there is
so wide, that it requires the greatest care and the most watchful
so, Nicholas, I beg you to consider yourself free, and to be assured
so, he could see that she wished to and only refrained out of regard
so, hoping to arrange to leave before then and take Petya with her
so, you're a traitor and I'll have you tried, and you'll be hanged!
so-and-so.' He went to the next one. 'From whom did you get it?' and
so-called _leg ulcer_, which occurs most frequently on the front and
so. You are all blubberers and understand nothing."
sobbing and choking convulsively. Two doctors--one of whom was pale
sobbing in the schoolroom? I shall never forget it: I felt sad and
sobs and he could get no farther. And again his handkerchief, and
sobs and ran from the room.
sobs. Her face was pale and rigid. Only in the lower part of it
sobs. The count was lighting his pipe and did not notice his son's
social legislation, including the prohibition of child labor and minimum
social work, especially prison reform. Wherever there were misery and
socialistic theories and attended strictly to the business of organizing
society gossip, dancing, intellectual games, and bouts rimes, which
society of her relatives--Countess Mary, and her brother, her
society so dearly and distinctly indicated.
society was so profoundly affected by the Civil War and economic
society, and good living, and his expulsion from Boston, his failure to
society, recalling with mild irony old times in Moscow and Moscow
society--noblemen, merchants, and gentlemen--who banded together for a
society. She provoked the jealousy of the elderly magnate and told him
sofa and, drawing up an armchair for Prince Vasili, pointed to it
sofa at home receiving no one and going nowhere.
soft and fluctuating as a result of myxomatous degeneration and
soft palate and pharynx, and that associated with lead poisoning the
soft parts are divided, and the bone is resected.
soft parts with the sharp spoon and scissors, and to gouge or chisel
soft to the touch, and of the consistence of firm fat. In exceptional
soft, and serene expression. In her face there was none of the
soft, tremulous voice, and in the weary eyes that looked over her
softened and uplifted soul, now blossoming into a new life.
softening of the heart, and a consciousness that something great and
soil seemed well suited to slavery and the planters expected to extend
soldier did not let me pass. They took me and shut me up. They hold me
soldier with his freshly washed and shaven face and his weapons
soldier with the sores immediately turned away and went on with what
soldier. I come home on leave and I'll tell you how it was, I look and
soldiers and officers advanced to the gate. In the gateway lay three
soldiers and officers of various regiments, they saw on their left
soldiers and sailors had given their lives. More than 250,000 had been
soldiers crowding and hurrying across the bridge, ascending on the
soldiers had biscuits dealt out to them freely, and they even shared
soldiers in the shed with Pierre, was dying, and Pierre told the
soldiers laughing joyfully and shouting "Hurrah!"
soldiers of the escort had raised their muskets, fired, and run
soldiers ran to the rear they returned immediately and hastily. At
soldiers stood leaning against their stretchers and gazing intently,
soldiers than usual to the colonies, and the ink was hardly dry on the
soldiers were holding him, and a spectacled doctor was cutting into
soldiers who were loading, hauling the guns, and continually running
soldiers who, stumbling, tripping up, and shouting, ran merrily and
soldiers, "and what a lot of them there are!"
soldiers, and carried him to the hut. Ramballe put his arms around
soldiers, orderlies, and officers. All along the sides of the road
soldiers, paced up and down the battery under fire as calmly as if
soldiers, sailors, officers, money, and supplies, is known to all the
soldiers, taking advantage of the stoppage and congestion, turned back
soldiers. "Stop them!" he shouted, and at the same moment, probably
soldiers. From France came young Lafayette and the stern De Kalb, from
sole and almost unattainable aim remaining for him was to effect a
sole of the foot. A corn is usually hard, dry, and white; but it may be
solemnly and jerkily flourished above their heads his white arm with
solemnly from behind a cloud, and the cupolas and crosses, the
solidity and strength hereditary in his family. A beard and mustache
solitary shot and the brilliance of the bright sunshine merged in a
solitude exhausted and tormented her but she was in absolute need of
solution followed by methylated spirit, and rubbed all over with "bipp"
solution is sterilised by boiling, and cooled to a temperature of about
solution of one per cent. novocain into the line of the lateral and
some Italian doctor who was treating her in some new and unusual way.
some bushes right among the French and, as Denisov had witnessed
some depressing and unsolved problem.
some excitement in these conflicting salon circles and some
some fifteen millions a year pleasure-seeking in the alluring cities and
some fighting during the French and Indian War, but his military
some five hundred paces in front of the knoll and below it. This was
some induration around the wound and a slight tenderness on pressure
some not. This whole mass droned and jostled in confusion under the
some object he noticed a hesitation and uncertainty among his
some oedema. These symptoms are due to a sub-periosteal haemorrhage, and
some of the French threw down their arms and ran out of the bushes
some of the larger joints, and not infrequently the smaller ones also,
some of the scenes and themes of the novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe,
some of their claims respecting boundaries and fisheries, the American
some of them draw the line and strike the harpoon on the coast of
some of them incensed at the heavy taxes on their operations and others
some secret between her father and Anna Mikhaylovna, that it had
some time served in the Continental Congress and eighteen were members
some time, listening to what was being said, and evidently found
some twenty years the Confederation was active and it continued to hold
some unknown, sweetly solemn hymn. Petya was as musical as Natasha and
some visitors off and, stroking his scanty gray hairs over his bald
some water boiled in it, and sent to a laboratory for investigation. To
some weeks by a cachectic condition, with listlessness and debility and
some with Denisov and Rostov, sat in their shirt sleeves.
somebody, and I think it must be dull for you only seeing us."
someday I shall have finished learning, and then I will do
someone and all at once that person vanishes there, into nowhere,
someone other than us, and even if what's wrong is not our
someone other than us, and even if what's wrong is not our
someone who had risen and was sniffing in the dark passage.
something about loaded wagons, biscuits, and oxen he had seen when
something and stopped.
something and that she made a sign to an officer who drove past,
something and went away. It seemed to Pierre that even the prince
something badly and sat down on a crimson throne. The maiden who had
something cracked, shouts were heard, and the troyka flew along the
something dazzlingly brilliant and triumphant.
something else before advancing had been so completely silenced and
something from one to another, and a page--the same one Rostov had
something gladsome and mysterious to one another.
something gripped her throat, and regardless of manners she stared
something important and clever. Now the general had begun such a
something important and disastrous was about to happen.
something in American colonial life which fostered minds of depth and
something in this life I did not and do not understand."
something joyful and mysterious taking place within her.
something new and enchanted. Well, whatever it may be..." And shouting
something new and joyful stirred in his soul. He felt happy and at the
something new and stern showed round the mouth.
something sweet. Would you like some?..." and Petya ran out into the
something terrible and monstrous rising in his soul and turned quickly
something that was best within him, suddenly awoke, joyful and
something to do with her brother, and that Anna Mikhaylovna was
something to his legs in the darkness, and though Pierre could not see
something toward it and you cannot persuade me that it was not a
something was wrong and that to discuss the bad news was difficult,
something, and again soldiers straggling from their companies,
something, and flourishing his arm, called him to enter.
something, and until she could discover what that something was, she
something..." said Natasha and pausing added, "something fine?"
sometimes ask her what he had been saying, and be vexed if he
sometimes attended, with a strange feeling of perplexity and fear, her
sometimes be heard. Here and there a couple of bees, by force of habit
sometimes came to Bald Hills with sixteen horses and dozens of
sometimes continues to rise after death, and may reach as high as
sometimes developed over the heart and large arteries. The swelling is
sometimes found, and of greatly enlarged lymph glands which have
sometimes hydrocephalus, and the head is characteristically enlarged.
sometimes in the daytime and sometimes at the dead of night. Notices
sometimes met with, and, in a case of this variety under our own
sometimes one dividing into many. Each drop tried to spread out and
sometimes several men were torn from the regiment in a minute and
sometimes small, hard, polished, and closely aggregated like lichen,
sometimes stood still while woods, fields, and glittering bayonets ran
sometimes stopping short, gesticulating, and lisping: "the position in
sometimes with pyogenic diplo- and streptococci. According to the mode of
somewhat differently. Prince Andrew had thought and said that
somewhat rounded ends and several laterally placed flagella. Spores,
somewhere below his throat rushed to his face and eyes. He could not
somewhere, and I shall run with them, and it, death, is here above
somewhere, and in general something extraordinary was happening, and
somewhere, put it in a carriage, and set off with it to visit some
son and seizing the little princess' arm as if she would have run away
son!" He suddenly blushed crimson, and it was plain that he had made a
son; Sonya, the count's fifteen-year-old niece, and little Petya,
song, arousing an involuntary sensation of courage and cheerfulness.
sons lying dead. After many consultations and conversations, the count
soon as an officer and men began to run toward it. A general who was
soon as the French entered. But the French entered and still Pierre
soon as they left the place where the balls and bullets were flying
soon attain a large size, filling up the axilla, and displacing the
soon be back again from the army and would certainly write to his
soon entered the race and outdistanced New York, though unable to equal
soon found him equal to the shrewdest in negotiation and action.
soon found itself beaten back upon its course and out upon a new tack.
soon gave it up and went to her room to pack her own things. At
soon left their game and came over to the samovar, yielding to the
soon rivaled those of the Appalachian area. Copper, lead, gold, and
sooner; he knew this outburst was unseemly and would blow over in a
sordid and unworthy plea fails when brought to the test of facts. The
sore and the breath foul, the mercury should be stopped for a time. If
sore throat and affections of the eyes. The local lesions are to be
sorrow was filling her soul, there could be rich people and poor,
sorrowful, and at variance with his parents, but, as it seemed to him,
sorrows. He keeps it all within him. Today he is cheerful and in
sorry and almost ashamed as she felt to leave Natasha alone, yet the
sorry for everyone, for myself, and for everyone. And I was
sort by their surnames), and she touched his coat sleeve with her
sort out the stinging and tormenting thoughts that confused his
sort. Of necessity the lives and the ships of neutrals, as well as of
sorts, and Russian and Austrian soldiers of all arms, some wounded and
sought a battle and that his marshals advised him to stop at Smolensk,
sought something new, a path in life of their own, and like me were
sought to bar the door to the "unpleasant and irritating business of
soul to that Eternal and Unfathomable, whose presence above the
soul. "No, it was not only that gay, kind, and frank look, not only
sound of a drum and shouts of command, and from the battery one saw
sound of a man's footstep, and then her face resumed its cold and
sound of cannon and musketry ahead of him. The firing grew louder
sound of music, and they all began singing. But suddenly a storm
sound of voices conversing in German and occasionally in French. In
sound, and if a movable joint is aimed at, they may be left; but if
sounded and you'll be in a pretty position without your boots!" (The
sounded still more firm and resolute.
sounds and the development of murmurs, may cause widespread infective
sounds fluttered, grew into harmonies, separated, blended, and again
sounds. He heard footsteps in the darkness and a black figure
source of emulation in pursuit of commendation and rewards, which
source of infection, and in the indolent forms of lymphadenitis this
sources, and the incomprehensible surrender of whole corps without
sovereign and independent states may of right do."
sovereign and the Fatherland, but it turns out that I am serving
sovereign recognizes his high vocation and will be true to it. That is
sovereign, who had trusted worthless and insignificant people. But the
space or cavity and form a _haematoma_.
space, time, and cause lies in renouncing the direct feeling of the
space. It is characterised by the usual symptoms, and is treated by
spaces of the sub-epithelial connective tissue, become compressed and
spaces with lymphocytes and plasma cells, but also to the formation of
spaces--termed alveoli--which are probably dilated lymph spaces, and
spacious and had rooms for the house serfs and apartments for
spanned, boxes, bales, and tons produced. Historians apply standards of
spared him, and this magnanimity Bonaparte subsequently repaid by
sparkling black eyes, and black tousled mustache and hair. He wore
sparkling black-agate eyes at the frightened and happy Natasha.
sparks which set Moscow on fire, and the frosts--and instead of
speak and, raising his voice more and more, cried:
speak in the tone of decided refusal and disagreement in which he
speak is there and silence seems like affectation. They went
speak to him. He drew nearer and saw that the old man had only one leg
speak unsuccessful, but he was rudely interrupted, pushed aside, and
speak. The regiment was also a home, and as unalterably dear and
speaking and bowed his head as if in perplexity.
speaking in a louder tone and more hurriedly than before. During the
speaking quickly with a harsh German accent, looking to both sides and
speaking, and with eager curiosity all the bootmakers joined the
speaking, both employers and employees opposed compulsory adjustments
special charm and poetry of love, yet he told his story with such
special enclosure to feed and that becomes twice as fat as the
special of his own. The difference between his former and present self
special providence of God who, loving you, wishes to try you and
special tendency to break down and ulcerate on the surface (Figs. 102
special trains and addressing literally millions of people in the open
specially virulent bacteria. It occurs in syphilitic ulcers, and rapidly
specially well seen in the extensor and adductor muscles of the thigh in
specie) and empowered to issue paper currency under proper safeguards.
specific bacillus, which occurs in long delicate rods, and is chiefly
specifically stated that they were assembled for "the sole and express
spectacles and hoped they would not be noticed.
spectacles and white dressing gown, in which he received no one but
spectacles were slipping off but unable to let go of the mane and
speech and press and they promptly impeached Samuel Chase, a justice of
speech before the Supreme Court, "is communistic in its purposes and
speech by an unexpected cramp in his throat. He paced up and down a
speech of such fire and eloquence that it sent every man who heard it
speech was full of dignity and greatness as Napoleon understood it.
speech, every scene, every resolution evoked passions and sowed
speeches, and interviews, kept up a lively and interesting discussion of
speed and now to stay the enormous, popular tide that bore him along
speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district
spent every day and whole days at the Karagins', and every day on
spent in experiments in agriculture and manufacturing; missionaries at a
spent only half as much as before, and that his affairs--which had
spent the night ten miles from Olmutz and next morning were to come
spermatic cord (varicocele), and in the veins of the anal canal
sphincters relax, and death ensues.
spies in Moscow and of a leaflet in circulation stating that
spilled wine, and littered with cards. One tormenting impression did
spinal medulla to their peripheral terminations in muscle, skin, and
spine and of the fingers as well as in the temporo-mandibular joint. In
spinning jenny and the loom to other hands.
spirit and obtained that manner which the pas de chale* would, one
spirit, one ounce; and water, seven ounces.
spirit. She went to bed later and rose earlier than any of them, and
spirits had risen, like his own, at the firing, and went back at a
spiritual aim. That is what I decided, and what I wrote to Joseph
spite of his absent-mindedness and good nature, Pierre's personality
spiteful, ironical, and contemptuous. Everything that reminded him
splashing in the mud, defiled in fours and moved along the broad
spleen, and liver, may be the seat of secondary nodules.
splendid Russian troops and their commander of the laurels they have
splint applied to the lateral aspect of each lower extremity, and
splint, and a Bier's bandage applied to the upper arm. Operative
spoke of it, but apart from the ordinary staid and respectful good
spoke of the danger threatening the empire and of the hopes he
spoke of the sayings and doings of their commander, the Grand Duke,
spoke of their future life. Prince Andrew was afraid and ashamed to
spoke of what he knew might interest the old lady and that she could
spoke readily and rapidly like a man who has not talked for a long
spoke to him about the princess (as she did when he was mentioned) and
spoke to him, trying not to be overheard, and that all through
spoken of as undecided and undiscerning--but whom we find commanding
spoken to Hippolyte in the drawing room and which was so plainly
spoken, but rather in something else--in the expression of face and
spontaneous displacement of the bones, and this may amount to
spontaneous laughter. They laughed and were gay not because there
spool, and then immersed in a solution of--iodine, 1 part; iodide of
spoon, and the part afterwards cauterised. As a rule, amputation well
sport, some in wine, and some in governmental affairs. "Nothing is
spot chosen by Napoleon, with the guns of Pernetti and Fouche; which
sprain," affecting the flexors of the hip; and the "jumper's and
sprained his arm and then ran as hard as he could from a Frenchman
sprains and contusions, and particularly those sustained in laborious
spread a mist of damp and smoke and a strange acid smell of
spread is limited by the attachments of the axillary fascia, and the pus
spread out again more evenly, and the clerk led Petya--pale and
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
spread terror and desolation through the land. "What a scene," he
spreading out a canopy of sappy dark-green foliage, stood rapt and
spreading, and mingling with one another. He could also, by the
spreading, and thus gave us time to retreat. The retirement of the
spreads along the medullary canal for a varying distance, and also
spreads both in area and in depth, until the muscles and often the
spreads deeper and deeper, till eventually the bone or joint is reached,
spreads in and covers over its surface. In course of time the epithelium
spreads slowly up the limb by way of the lymph vessels, and as these are
sprees with Denisov, and visits to a certain house--that was another
spring at it--in sight of 'Uncle' who is watching from over there--and
spring was released, the clock began to whirr and the chimes to
springing to him, putting her arms round him, and kissing him. This
springtime. The members and guests of the Club wandered hither and
sprouting rotten potatoes, told and listened to stories of
spurred Bedouin twice and successfully put him to the showy trot in
squadron and shouted in a hoarse voice to the men to look to their
squadron, the Emperor's eyes met Rostov's and rested on them for not
squeezed together, moved a few steps, and again stopped.
stabs, punctured wounds, and gun-shot injuries which involve both artery
staff, among them the staff officer and Zherkov, who had been twice
staff, he applied himself to business with zeal and perseverance and
stage of the game there were similar mistakes and that none of his
stage. The cymbals and horns in the orchestra struck up more loudly,
stagecoach and the tallow candle which Washington and Franklin had
stages, their knapsacks conveyed on carts, and the Austrian
staggering crops of corn, wheat, bacon, and wool. The two great canal
staggering, and singing some incoherent song, and approached the
stagnating in them and giving off its oxygen and transuding its fluid
stairs, and went in at the open door. There was no one in the
stamped with one foot, bounded from the floor like a ball, and flew
staphylococcus aureus, the streptococcus, and the bacillus coli
staple industries of to-day, not omitting iron and textiles, have their
staples and "cotton was king." These were standard crops. The methods of
staples of the country; and the same state of things will recur in the
stared with curiosity at a Russian uniform, and came out at the
stared with naive, childlike curiosity at Pierre's white hat and green
starring the puddles near the ferry, but Pierre and Andrew, to the
stars on his breast and a serene expression on his flat face. He spoke
start singing with her. They sang together and everyone in the theater
started and bent forward in exactly the same manner. Nesvitski laughed
started to one side and exclamations of horror and disgust were heard.
starting out of his head, raising his cap and pointing before him to
starting-point of cancer, especially in persons past middle life and if
starting-point of cancer; and in the larynx or rectum the healing of the
starvation wages and indifferent to the conditions of living, they
state in the world, and therefore as an Englishman always knows what
state itself, must be given by them, or by the legislative and executive
state of America. In May, 1787, it assembled at Philadelphia and for
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
state of irritability in which a man has to talk, talk, and talk,
state of mind, everything went well and easily.
state of things is continually becoming worse and makes one fear
state ownership and control, with full power to issue paper money--this
state paper worthy, in closeness of reasoning and keenness of
state south of the line of the Potomac and Ohio rivers, except in
state, (b) family duties, (c) relations with my friends, and the
state, getting neither better nor worse. He was unconscious and lay
state, live like brothers, render mutual aid and protection one to
state, political and strategic. Each step of the retreat was
state. Presbyterians, Quakers, Baptists, and Puritans had no hierarchy
stateliness the greater the pain and shame in her soul. She knew for
states and cities. By 1920 they were able to report ten states with
states and individuals in obedience to the laws and treaties of the
states be necessary, as under the Articles, for the adoption and
states equal in power as under the Articles or on the broader and deeper
states in the minority and surrendering the federal government wholly to
states must be their own judges and execute their own decisions. Thus
states passed resolutions condemning the decision and the Republican
states was considered to exist, and there was at that time and yet is
states who are loyal to the United States," and proceed to the
states, and the valley of the Willamette waving with wheat sown by
states, awakened alarm and opposition. Funding at face value, said his
states, but between the commercial North and the planting South. From
states, mainly in the West, had adopted it for general purposes, and
states," all equal in rights and dignity, each wearing the "jewel of
states--Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana--had
statesmen and diplomatists (especially Talleyrand, who managed to
statesmen as they watched the growth of their population, wealth, and
stationed and the two Emperors were living with their suites,
stations, at inns, and in the landowner's snuggery, maidservants had
statutory officers of the state and the other of the party leaders; they
stay and I'll see." The old prince snorted. "Let her marry, it's all
stay those determined men and women who, in obedience to their
steadily and ceaselessly on all sides. With the exception of the aunt,
steady gains. Free-soil Democrats,--Jacksonian farmers and
stealthily prowling about the combs, and the short home bees,
steam boilers or pipes, the breaking of machinery, and similar accidents
steam, such, for example, as gauze swabs, towels, aprons, gloves, and
steamed themselves before them naked; smoked, picked out and baked
steamer _Trent_, and carried off by force two Confederate agents, Mason
steel, cloth, and other military and naval supplies as well as the
steel, lumber, hemp, and in fact all of the essential commodities
steep and deep dip, making it difficult for artillery and cavalry to
steep ravine, was a small village and a landowner's house with a
step, and feeling too feeble to break the meshes or to set to work
stepped forward and, stooping over the dying man, beckoned to
stepped softly over the carpet and went out into the waiting room.
stepped up to her father and looked at him with surprised inquiring
steps forward, halted, and again moved on, and from all sides vehicles
steps he followed the maid, overtook her, and came out on the
steps to the door and grasped the cold door handle.
steps were cut out and these formed the entrance and vestibule. The
steps would be taken immediately to free his serfs--and that till then
steps, and having mounted drew himself up very straight and tall and
steps, and so said the youths and maidens themselves as they danced
sterilisation of the skin is difficult to attain, and where it is
sterilised gauze is applied and covered with a second coating of
steriliser and placed on a sterilised towel within reach of the surgeon
stern and solemn train of thought that weakness from loss of blood,
stern and threatening attitude.
stern look replied: "Because you are alive and thinking of the living,
sternly serious eyes at Prince Andrew when he talked to Natasha and
sternly with a threatening and forbidding movement of her head.
sternly, and suddenly, as if he had studied her sufficiently and had
sterno-mastoid muscle, and surround the accessory nerve before it
sternum, and bodies of the vertebrae is occupied by a reddish gelatinous
steward respected him and jestingly called him "the Minister."
steward, and again began giving orders. A light footstep and the
steward, to visit his estate near Moscow, and to receive many people
stewards the blood rushed to his face and his fists began to clench,
stick, and just as they would have cried "Vive l'Empereur!" at any
sticking out my broken and barked fingers just where they have
sticking out, and in the middle of which his wife's nightcap was
stiff. Masses of chalk form in and around the joint, and those in the
stiffness and deformity by movements and massage, and the use of hot-air
stiffness in tendons and joints.
still an organ in it on which some rugs were piled, and in one
still belonged to nobody and had no name. The French called it Azor;
still better; and, according to the idiosyncrasies of the individual
still distracted by memories of the dead past and uncertain as to the
still farther back picket ropes and artillerymen's bonfires. To the
still fewer men would be so well able and willing to make up out of
still fewer, and so on to the highest military command which is
still firing and Frenchmen running toward it. Higher up stood some
still found place in his soul. Of late he had received so many new and
still harder, and tends to shrink and to draw in the surrounding parts,
still he was lifted and laid on the stretcher.
still horrified by her spiritual baseness and trying to arrange her
still intact. There may be a feeling of weight in the limb, and in the
still more full of genius and Russia would have been lost and the face
still more to the south and to cross from the Tula to the Kaluga
still possessed the tenacious endurance and vigor of hardy old age.
still proceeding when officers, generals, and gentlemen-in-waiting
still seemed to descend evenly and imperceptibly toward the earth, the
still surrounded by the magic plain bathed in moonlight and spangled
still to get dressed and they had to call at the Taurida Gardens.
still wide reaches of untilled soil. The Alabama and Mississippi regions
still, as he did not see him and had no opportunity of seeing him,
still-unplastered wooden walls redolent of pine, and would have gone
stir up insubordination or disloyalty in the army and navy; and those
stirring and scarcely breathing, watched from her ambush with
stirrup and, lurching with his whole body and puckering his face
stirrups and sank back again. The soldiers without turning their heads
stock on easy terms and thus become part owners in the concern. This
stockholders in that instance became the voters and the governor, the
stocking she was knitting, went to the window and leaning out tried to
stockings and dancing shoes, stood looking animated and bright in
stockings, and, if the symptoms persist, the corn should be removed.
stocks and bonds, it enabled tens of thousands of people to become
stomach, and back distracted him. All he saw about him merged into a
stone, and he only had to shake himself, to be ready without a
stoned in the street and hissed from the platform. Their meeting places
stood a glass of lemonade and a spiral wax candle--moved close to
stood about. Prince Andrew went to one and took out a small casket,
stood and from which Prince Andrew was surveying the position, was the
stood for all those specific measures which favored the enlargement and
stood in front of the house to which Balashev was conducted, and now
stood in the midst of an overgrown garden and, after a glance at his
stood just inside the door, trying to speak softly and not move, for
stood looking scared and holding another candle. Still lower, beyond
stood up and showed how he presented himself, with his hand to his
stood, and furniture of various kinds: a table, chairs, and a
stopped and began smiling and bowing to all sides. Then other men
stopped and was speaking to an Austrian general. Prince Andrew, who
stopped her in the middle of the room and, amid general silence,
stopped him and inquired where the commander and officers were. The
stopped speaking and, noticing that Pierre was listening, suddenly
stopped the company." Dolokhov breathed heavily from weariness and
stopped, a house and some shops were on fire. This fire was already
stopped, awaiting instructions. Prince Andrew opened his eyes and
stopped, facing the Cossack, and examined him with attentive
stopped. Pierre hurriedly turned away from her and again addressed
stopping Claparede and sending Friant now, the order was carried out
stopping and searching our ships; they had illegally seized American
stopping where overtaken by the enemy and fighting rearguard actions
storerooms similar men were busy among the provisions, and in the
stores are to be taken, and the chief of the hospitals asks where
stores, and rum in their wake. "Home from Californy!" rang the cry in
stores, and when everything had been plundered fled farther.
stories over and over again to the same audience.
stories, now and then putting in a word or asking a question to make
storm at the square, cut his way in, slashed right and left, how his
storm of rain and hail. In general, the summer of 1812 was
storm. Rostov looked at and listened listlessly to what passed
stormed at me, as the saying is, stormed and stormed and stormed! It
stormed by a Paris crowd and destroyed. On the night of August 4, the
storms often wiped out all signs of the route; hunger and thirst did
stout man rose, frowned, shrugged his shoulders, and evidently
stout staff officer, and at Zherkov, and he frowned.
stout, and cod-liver oil. The last is specially beneficial in patients
stoutness, which caused her to protrude her chest and stomach and
straight and comprehensible path, but hoped to do so.
straight before him and thoughtfully shaking his head. Did he fear
straight before him, his right eye was awry, and his brows and lips
straight into his eyes, and his nearness, self-assurance, and the
straight to the shed where his horses and trap were. The coachman
straight, the bridges were strong and had handrails. Everything bore
straightening is a diminishing one, and it is more satisfactory to
strained center--destroy him and his army.
straining can historians attribute such conceptions to Napoleon and
straining tight, as tight as possible, and flying away! Like this...."
strange and fantastic to these diverse and familiar personalities,
strange and memorable an impression on him. In the forest the
strange and surprising news. He informed her of his engagement to
strange, pretty, unfamiliar people--the one with fine eyebrows and
strangely attractive being rose in her imagination, and carried her
strangely, slipping farther and farther to one side in his saddle. His
stranger, looking deeper and deeper into Pierre's eyes. "And in
strangers to Pierre and much better dressed than he. They looked at
strangers to the life and traditions of the South.
strangers, with no one interested in them and not wanted by anyone.
strangest and most contradictory rumors were current in the town. Some
strangest chances--from among all the seething French parties, and
strapping it to the saddle. Their horses, bridled and with high
straps, covered shakos, knapsacks, bayonets, long muskets, and,
strategic position. It was the law-making body, and it could, moreover,
strategist and the conqueror of Napoleon? Had he not seen the
stratum lucidum, the stratum granulosum, and the rete Malpighii or
straw covered street and turned into the wide courtyard of Count Cyril
straying too far from the road, and heard his friend the captain
stream of European immigration flowed North and West, not South. The
street railways, electric light plants, and other utilities in the great
street, something exploded, and the street was shrouded in smoke.
street. The tune, played with precision and in exact time, began to
streets and they were more excited. But Pierre, though he felt that
streets between the rioters and the police. Business stopped and a large
streets of the Transmoskva ward and the Kaluga road converge, and
streets to see the city and, hearing that everything had been
strength and charm of his friendship with Prince Andrew. That charm
strength and completeness amid the conditions of court life and far
strength and vitality--the strength which in that vast space amid
strength for conflict with the French, (2) to defeat them, and (3)
strength of all the former ones, and aid me to enter that temple of
strength of eternal youth and gladness.
strength tenfold. He ordered us to retreat, and all our efforts and
strength to that of individuals, companies, and states in conquering
strengthened by an act defining and punishing certain conspiracies,
streptococci are exceedingly virulent, and induce local death of tissue
streptococci may be obtained from the blood. In pneumococcal and typhoid
stressing the word "God" so unnaturally and so unpleasantly that
stretch and hum with voices. On all sides soldiers were running to and
stretched and closely adherent to the cyst wall as a result of friction
stretched, the limb becomes weak and unstable, and the patient complains
stretchers came into view before Rostov. And the fear of death and
stretching and drawing itself out, and 'piti-piti-piti' and 'ti-ti'
strides and in a loud voice began boldly demonstrating the necessity
stridulous or metallic or sibilant, and there is marked indrawing of the
strikes and periods of unemployment, it raised large funds by imposing
strikes out, erases, tones down, and interlines, exchanging for words
string, and a silver ruble were fetched and they all played games
strings, and then he stopped short and jerked his shoulders.
stripped the French king of his royal prerogatives and based the
stripping of the periosteum and thrombosis of the blood vessels of the
strips of bast were hanging on the broken and withered branch of a
strolled about watching and listening to conversations, but nowhere
strong enough), and in applying it well in front of the disease. To
strong he was (in his perception the two were one and the same)-
strong in the practice of self-government and could dispense with the
strong opposition and, on March 18, reluctantly signed by the king, now
strong, joyful sensations, and chiefly of the complete peace of mind
strongly and happily..." and suddenly he remembered how his love had
strongly enough, and because Miloradovich had not yet arrived with the
strongly predisposes to the formation of bed-sores. Prolonged and
struck a naive and precise attitude preparatory to a folk dance.
struck by the abolition of slavery. The second and third came with the
struck by the fact that the Emperor seemed confused and blushed as
struck by the totally altered and unexpectedly rapturous and tender
struck his horse three times with his whip, splashing himself and
struck it is shattered, and portions of bone may be displaced or even
structural peculiarities of bone, however, and the important changes
structures in their vicinity,--and notably to the internal jugular
structures, and if the distal portion of a muscle is deprived of its
structures, including tendons, bones, and joints, lose sensation, and
structures, such as the trachea, oesophagus, or great veins, and symptoms
structures--muscles, fasciae, and subcutaneous tissue--by separate series
struggle between life and death, in which death gained the victory. It
struggle in Kansas he hurried to the frontier, gun and dagger in hand,
struggle, but with naive and lighthearted gaiety.
struggles, their rights, and their place in the economy of the nation
struggling with death, and he knew that the result of a battle is
studied, you see, one likes education and well-bred people.' It is for
study in the Kremlin, giving detailed and exact orders as to
study the skillful tactics and aims of Napoleon and his army from
study to the room behind, where his French valet and others were
study, and Gerasim heard him pacing restlessly from one corner to
study. "A wonderful talent!" he said to Prince Andrew, and Magnitski
study. Prince Andrew, greatly changed and plainly in better health,
stuff. Such magnanimity and sensibility are like the magnanimity and
stumbled, and fell on his hands. The others outstripped him.
stump and necessitating a second operation.
stupefied, and noticing nothing around him went on moving his legs
stupid Germans, and everyone was convinced that a dangerous muddle had
stupid and happy expression--the same man who had rushed out of the
stupid, but he has experience, a quick eye, and resolution.... And
sturdy thieves and incorrigible rascals. Other transported offenders
sub-normal; and the respiration rapid, shallow, and sighing in
sub-periosteal lipoma, and from sarcoma. Most difficulty is met with in
sub-periosteally or its interior is cleared out with the sharp spoon and
subcarbonate, and following its track with the X-rays (Fig. 35).
subclavian. On account of the smaller amount of elastic and muscular
subcutaneous tissue and involves the muscles; while in those of the
subcutaneous tissue, the muscles, and other parts, are not uncommon, and
subcutaneous tissue; the edges of the punctures are ecchymosed, and the
subdued chanting of deep bass voices, and in the intervals sighs and
subject of the war and without leaders. The Moscovites felt that
subject, denouncing slavery as a nefarious institution and the curse of
subject, leaving the decision, however, to "an enlightened people and
subjection of the will of a nation to some chosen man and the
subjects and interests in North America as well in time of peace as of
subjects it assumes a more painful and progressive fusiform type
subjects of the prince's attacks and ridicule. Whatever was spoken
subjects, and the president of Princeton University, Mr. Wilson had
submarines without warning and without safety of the lives of
submarines. The number of enlisted men and officers for the army was
submission, and the whole hospital, with arms and legs torn off and
submissively unbent the corner of his card and, instead of the six
submit, and Vasili Dmitrich doesn't want to. You know the auditor told
submit. An army gains a victory, and at once the rights of the
submits to them and never resists the laws of gravity or
submitting as he should and doing no wrong. Only he prayed to God
submitting to him involuntarily, came up and sat down beside him.
subordinates, and went into everything down to the minutest details
subsequent dictatorship and Empire, or all the things that produced
subsided within its shores and seemed to have become calm. But the
subsided, active and passive movements are employed to prevent the
subsided. This is most often seen in puerperal women, and is known as
substances, and in this way _pus_ is formed.
substances. It is anaerobic, and occurs as long, thick rods with
substituted an imperious and belligerent demand for instant
subversive of the peace and harmony of the country."
succeeded in setting it on fire and the French batteries were now
success and which attracted him. He very readily took up Boris'
success which your intellect, military talent, and the courage of
successful than the proximal ligature, and is therefore restricted to
successfully practised also in aneurysm of the subclavian, carotid, and
successfully, evoking memories of the best times of her youth and
successfully. As there was nothing to said, and neither wished to give
successive attacks tend to become less acute but last longer, and the
successors called themselves Republicans and professed a genuine faith
such a blow on his side and ribs and was squeezed so hard that
such a combination of men, money, and materials as the North could
such abundance as to soak through large dressings and delay healing.
such an aneurysm has been mistaken for an abscess and incised, with
such an explanation. From day to day he became more and more
such an expression of good-humored complacency and gaiety. Though
such an extent as to cause stasis, and by concentrating the local action
such an unfortunate and charming woman! Don't mention him before
such and such papers to be written to Vienna, to Berlin, and to
such and such people wrote such and such books? Of the immense
such as achondroplasia and osteomyelitis fibrosa. The condition is one
such as blisters, and exposure to the _Finsen light_ and other forms of
such as citrate of caffein, or by dilute hydrocyanic acid and bismuth.
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
such as heavy muscular work; by chronic alcoholism and syphilis; or by
such as his companion and himself, "but probably they would not dare
such as rodent cancer, and from those met with in chronic glanders.
such as the currency, the tariff, and national banking; and the
such as the flat bones of the skull and the maxilla, are not reproduced.
such as the knee and elbow, the influence of movement is shown by a
such as the stomach, intestine, urinary bladder, and prostate. In the
such buttermilk cakes, such aromatic jam, such honey-and-nut sweets,
such calmness and self-assurance; he had never seen so resolute yet
such companies, of various sizes and characters. There were some
such enterprise and thoroughly frightened by its extent, drew back in
such excessive modesty, and only desired and insisted that their
such haste that he upset his coach and dislocated his arm. The king and
such moments one reviews the past and plans for the future. Prince
such occasions--that he loved her and had never loved any other
such organs as the pancreas. Haemorrhage from the stomach and intestine,
such sources, and the disease is said to be most common during the
such structures aside without dividing them. In the abdomen and chest,
such was Natasha, with her surprise, her delight, her shyness, and
suck her breast, and begin to speak, so now she could not believe that
sucked and swallowed the cold snow, his lips quivered but
sudden alteration in the size, shape, and tension of the aneurysm,
sudden onset of severe pain and swelling in and around the joint, with
suddenly Sonya pushed away the glass she was holding and covered her
suddenly a new unexpected memory from that realm of pure and loving
suddenly became unnaturally merry and chattered incessantly to the
suddenly began to beat on both sides of them, and at that sound Pierre
suddenly began to wail as they looked at the fires--the smoke and even
suddenly clouded his mother's face, and he smiled slightly.
suddenly ended with a thud into something soft... f-f-flop! and a
suddenly everything grew dim before his eyes and he lost
suddenly felt guilty and grew timid on catching the expression of
suddenly flung it down and began:
suddenly from the next room were heard the footsteps of boys and girls
suddenly said, "I know that I shall never again be as happy and
suddenly she began to cry and was hurrying from the room.
suddenly slackened, she felt her tears dry up and her sobs ceased. She
suddenly stopped and performed some new and unexpected steps. When
suddenly turning to Natasha and looking at her with eyes full of
suffer from indigestion, constipation, and oxaluria--in fact, the same
suffering as if from corporal punishment, and could not avoid
suffering child and to wring her little hands even with some
suffering for, and how they had sinned against God. One told how he
suffering of women under this government and such is now the necessity
suffering on her gentle face. He suddenly felt sorry for her and was
suffering to the patient, crippling and incapacitating him for his work,
suffering, and the nearness of death aroused in him. Looking into
suffering, and when cleanliness is neglected there may be an offensive
suffering, as it had been when he reeled and sank on the snow.
sufferings of our people and of our army.
sufferings or with their relief. The pangs began again and Mary
suffers pain and is disabled until the tendon is replaced. Reduction is
suffices, the skin being punctured with a tenotomy knife, and, as
sufficient current, and no galvanometer is required. Steel needles,
sufficient importance for him to vent his wrath on. Trembling and
sufficient supplies was a very simple and agreeable business.
suffrage association and organized annual pilgrimages to Congress to
suffrage, and sweep on to even greater achievements. British statesmen,
suffrage; and a graduated income tax, "placing the burden of government
suffused his face and a still-stronger agitation of mingled joy and
sugar and molasses imported into the colonies from foreign
suggested by Macewen and Annandale) may be employed.
suggesting a marriage between their children and had received a
suggesting the removal of deposits from private banks and the
suggestions of selling the fine ancestral Rostov house and estate near
suitable and in some respects a brilliant match for the dowerless,
suite of officers and courtiers, was riding a bobtailed chestnut mare,
suite, and the boyish face Rostov, breathless with excitement and
suites moved carelessly but symmetrically and above all freely, and in
sullen self-confidence, while his body was thin and weak. His eyes,
sum of his and Sonya's joint ages. Rostov, leaning his head on both
summed up his philosophy. He was engaged in a war to save the union, and
summer villa at Sokolniki. The anteroom and reception room of his
summer. The avowed purpose was to arrest "the course of aggression" and,
summons to military duties came--and Ohio was a strategic state. It lay
sums from him and taken him under their protection, he would have
sun began to set. The baggage carts drew up close together and the men
sun had sunk half below the horizon and an evening frost was
sun, but toward evening the sky cleared again and the sun set in
sun; and in its price he found the test of his prosperity.
sunburned, short, and thin, with sunken cheeks and a dull
sung, and long before she again sang, as she did that evening. The
sunken and faded outlines. Dressed as she used to be in Petersburg
sunken, and the cheeks hollow. The lips and ears are pallid; the skin of
sunrise, this was repeated by others from various sides and all became
sunshine were all full of that summer languor, that content and
sunshine, the horses galloped quickly, and on both sides of the road
superficial bones, such as the tibia, there is enlargement, and it may
superintended the placing of the guns and looked at the Kremlin
superintendent had said, and looking at the departing trap.
superior French forces under Lannes and was thrown into confusion.
superior officers, the militiamen and soldiers continued their prayers
supernumerary or webbed fingers, and appear in members of the same
supervision of elections and the Northern politicians protested against
supping at midnight and staying till three in the morning. Julie never
supplies in Moscow and had trampled them underfoot instead of
supplies, and compelled to act under conditions of war unlike anything
supplies, the writers who sustained the American spirit, and the women
supply an explanation and has taken the first sign that occurs to
supply of oxygen to the brain and to the muscles produces muscular
supply. The problem of manning industries became a pressing matter, and
support also in Petersburg and from the chancellor, Rumyantsev, who,
supported by a cage, and the foot maintained at right angles to the leg
supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place
suppose," said the Emperor growing more and more animated; "but should
supposing they had reached their destination, halted, piled arms, and
suppress the congress, and substitute American military authority. In
suppressed and their pamphlets burned. In many places, particularly in
suppressed excitement and irritation, though controlledly calm as a
suppressed laughter, and unable to control herself any longer, she
suppressed the ideas of the Revolution and the general temper of the
suppressed was again alight in her. She was completely transformed and
suppurating, there is little or no discharge and the surrounding
suppurating, with ragged and sloughy edges. A slight feverish attack may
suppuration and sloughing of the gland tissue and overlying skin.
suppuration are of irregular shape, with pouches and loculi in various
suppuration ensues, a sinus forms, and persists until the foreign body
suppuration in the bile-ducts or liver, and in many other abdominal
suppuration occurs it is apt to infect the hip-joint and to terminate
suppuration, and numerous minute abscesses lined by granulation tissues
suppuration, and this may be the means of drawing attention to the
suppuration, marked oedema of the skin and the occurrence of rigors and
suppuration, the swelling is incised and drained, and if there is a
suppurations, lymphangitis and suppuration in lymph glands, and
suppurative conditions of bone, of cellular tissue, and of internal
suppurative, affect several joints, and exhibit a septicaemic or pyaemic
supra-patellar pouch; it is preferably transfixed by a needle and can
supremacy was established at the polls, and the last federal soldier
supreme chief donned a fur coat and, having seated himself in a
sure, but still it was terrible, and she could not help thinking of
surely, and flows rapidly, imperceptibly, and irrepressibly, as
surface after some time, and at a considerable distance from the seat of
surface becomes detached and is moulded into melon-seed bodies by the
surface is characteristic, and when it takes the form of spicules at
surface may be smooth, or fissured and foliated like a cauliflower, or
surface of the wall, sprinkled with snow and creaking with frost,
surface of the wound there is a microscopic layer of bruised and
surface of the wound, and by their proliferation gradually cover the
surface, oedema of the overlying skin is frequently present, and the skin
surface. Adrenalin and turpentine are the most useful drugs for this
surfaces are found to be inflamed and covered with pus.
surfaces are usually involved, and the nasal orifices may be narrowed or
surgeon, and on recognizing Pierre he told the Cossack who occupied
surgeon, may discover the loose body and feel it roll beneath his
surgical actinomycosis are sarcoma, tubercle, and syphilis. In the early
surgical dressing, and various antiseptic agents may be added to it. Of
surmises and had given to all who asked as long as he had anything
surprise and annoyance of the countess, had for some unaccountable
surprise and delight would find in his wife's ideas and actions the
surprise and somewhat to his satisfaction, that in the depth of her
surprise and vexation that she had become fond of him. Pierre did
surprise, and noticing the glance he turned on Natasha as he rose.
surprise, and seemed pleased to have someone to wait on. That same
surprised Kutuzov by his willingness and accuracy in work. Not
surprised and alarmed at the feeling she was aware of in herself. "And
surprised at the rapidity of his success and at the inability of
surrendered the next year and, after trying some minor restrictions for
surrendered, that Napoleon had an army of a million and only a miracle
surrounded by men who adored him: and he felt convinced that, after
surrounded by pages, aides-de-camp, and an escort, along the road to
surrounded by pillows. He was thin and pale. In one thin,
surrounded by round and spindle cells. The cut surface of the tumour
surrounded by such brilliant and polite young men, beamed with
surrounded him, and led him to the drawing room. It was at first
surrounded the icon. Behind the priest and a chanter stood the
surrounding bone, and a sequestrum presents a dark shadow of irregular
surrounding bone, and simultaneously new bone is formed on the surface;
surrounding connective tissue, and probably also from the divided ends
surrounding parts are oedematous and swollen, blisters form, and the skin
surrounding the battery and gazed at what was going on around him with
surrounding the tooth sac, which encapsulates the tooth and prevents its
surrounding the tumour and with the overlying skin, which becomes
surrounding the vessel, and the elements of the clot, are ultimately
surrounding this, and then the cortical bone, and is only prevented from
surrounding tissue, as well as the underlying fibrous tissue, and
surrounding tissues, and a traumatic aneurysm results. Secondary
surrounding tissues, and externally. If the sheath of the vessel is not
surroundings of human life. Daniel himself felt this, and as usual
surroundings, and from her smiling lips flowed sounds which anyone may
surrounds him and by his own body. I lift my arm and let it fall. My
surrounds vessels and nerves, and may lead to destruction of the skin,
surveying the guests, and leisurely arranged her wide sleeves as if
survive it. He implored Rostov to go on and prepare her.
suspected and an X-ray examination made.
suspend the government and laws of the country, exile the president,
suspended, and the old imperial constitution, as it stood before the
suspense and softening of heart in the presence of the unfathomable
suspicion and treated with the greatest care; and the urine should be
suspicious and wrote such and such books; but we do not learn why
sustained laws chartering banking companies and authorizing them to
suture. If this is impracticable, the artery is tied above and below the
sutured, and if this is impossible owing to loss of tissue, the gap may
sutured, but if this is doubtful it is left open and packed or
swaggeringly resolute and coldly cruel expression that had struck
swallowed, are especially apt to lodge about the pharynx and pass to the
swallowing, and often earache; and the patient speaks with a nasal
swamps, breaking new ground, and planting from year to year the same
swarmed with well-provisioned sutlers and Austrian Jews offering all
swarthy lieutenant colonel of hussars with thick mustaches and
swarthy snub-nosed face with its high cheekbones, and baring his white
swaying from side to side, gave a couple of leaps and with a swish
swaying steps, her workbag on her arm, and gaily spreading out her
sweat, and mucous glands, nails, teeth, nipples, and mammary glands. The
sweet, so good-natured, and her position now is a very hard one."
swell up, disintegrate, and finally disappear. Both the conducting and
swelling corresponding to the distended capsule of the joint, and on
swelling forms in the armpit and extends on to the chest wall. It is
swelling is situated beneath the deep fascia, that it becomes firm and
swelling, which may attain the size of half a walnut, is tense and hard
swellings may, by appropriate manipulation, be moved from the artery and
swiftness, glanced vacantly around her, and seeing Natasha began to
swollen and slightly flexed. Pain is not a prominent feature, and the
swollen or bulbous, and is also incorporated with the scar tissue of
swollen, oedematous, and tense. The skin is at first glazed, and perhaps
swollen, tight, and heavy.
swords and daggers, with trousers tucked inside their high boots and
sycosis, streptococcal, pneumococcal, and gonococcal conditions, in
syllable, "and if you like I can put you in touch with him." He paused
symmetrical; more than one type of eruption--papules and pustules, for
symmetry of lesions, ulnar deviation of fingers, and nodular thickening
sympathetic nerves and ganglia, as well as the continuations of the
sympathetic systems. The nerves are diffusely and unequally thickened,
sympathetically, and after a short pause added: "Yes, it's Scythian
sympathies, were forced upon Massachusetts; and members of all religious
sympathies. They forgot their wrath over the Jay treaty and joined with
sympathize with him; if I seem sad and out of spirits myself, he
sympathy and warmly championed their rights. Outside of the circle of
sympathy. Three of them, Austria, Prussia, and Russia, under the
symptom; the tumour is fusiform, firm, and regular in outline, and when
symptoms and in the general health.
symptoms are slight, mobility is little impaired, and yet the deformity
symptoms improving with rest and being aggravated by exertion.
symptoms include perversion or loss of sensation, motor paralysis, and
symptoms may be relieved by ichthyol ointment, glycerin and belladonna,
symptoms of the bloodless state, and the blood is rapidly regenerated.
symptoms of toxaemia. We have observed a case in which both the hip and
symptoms or signs, and if the pus is aspirated without delay the joint
symptoms predominate, there is an absence of suppuration, and the pains
symptoms rapidly improving. Wolff and Wiewiorowski, on the other hand,
symptoms when Belova would again be deaf, the snuff damp, and the
symptoms, and a persistent loud murmur is usually a source of annoyance
symptoms, and attention may only be called to the condition by the
symptoms, and its all but universally fatal issue in spite of
synonymous, and are employed when a serous effusion into the joint is
synovial membrane in about equal proportion, and that in the hip the
synovial membrane, and attended with an accumulation of pus in the
synovial membrane, and from the marrow of the subjacent bone; it
syphilis and with valvular disease of the heart than are external
syphilis, are painful, and nearly always multiple, reproducing
syphilis, from an innocent tumour, and from a cancer. The points on
syphilis; and from the malignant or anthrax pustule by the absence of
syphilitic inheritance as the infection of one twin and the escape of
syphilitic lesions in the mouth and throat, and is then a dangerous
syphilitic sore. While the saliva itself is innocuous, it can be, and
syphilitic ulcer (Figs. 40 and 41).
syphilitic--and from that associated with Charcot's disease.
system gave a uniform cast to their economic and social life in America.
system lasted and planting was the major interest, the South was bound
system of church and state. The Anglican faith and worship were
system of the Far South and Southwest where masters were ever moving and
system run with the motor nerves, and pass to muscles, tendons, and
system under their "Fundamental Orders" of 1639, and the entire colony
system--the cultivation of tobacco, rice, cotton, and sugar cane--and in
system. James Bryce, an observant English scholar and man of affairs, in
system. Law-abiding business men, mechanics, farmers, and women, when
t. Clair and swore that the presence of the clothes in his room was as much a mystery to him as to the police. As to Mrs. St. Clair's assertion that she had actually seen her husband at the window, he declared that she must have been either mad or dreaming. He was removed, loudly protesting, to the police-station, while the inspector remained upon the premises in the hope that the ebbing tide might afford some fresh clue.
table and becoming more animated and talking more rapidly: "what if
table and placed on it his small leather-gloved hands.
table and went as usual to thank the old countess, Countess Mary
table sat Anatole, Dolokhov, Nesvitski, Denisov, and others like
table were vodka, a flask of rum, white bread, roast mutton, and salt.
table, a child's table, and the little chair on which Prince Andrew
table, on the icons, and on the walls, and a big fly flopped at the
table--the so-called "drunkard's palsy"; and from the pressure of a
tables and the same chandelier with a cover over it; but someone had
tact and grace!" thought Mademoiselle Bourienne.
tail and is unlike herself! Glad to throw her father over! And she
take bread and clothes from our hungry and indispensable soldiers to
take firm root and become recognized as the leading source of the labor
take it!' 'Yes, let's!' say the others. And off they go and take the
take it..." He threw it on the table. "I have an old father and
take on malignant characters, and rarely lend themselves to complete
take part in it by self-sacrifice and heroism were the most useless
take themselves off and that all necessary preparations should be made
taken Smolensk. Our troops fought, and are fighting, as never
taken away, and everything has been taken away. Sometimes I am
taken back to his place, and the rows of troops on both sides of the
taken by one set of soldiers and led first to one and then to
taken from me," said he. "I have served twenty-three years and have
taken from the open and untaxed current of the Mississippi the commerce
taken her at her word when she wrote giving him his freedom and now
taken off for three minutes, and this is repeated over a period of
taken on active growth and pressed injuriously on the cords of the
taken on myself the role of Natalie Rostova's knight at all, and
taken part in, and for the first time in his life the possibility of
taken to put an end to disorder and to re-establish public security. A
taken while passing through Moscow, he left the kvass to Morel and
taken, and all this for the beaux yeux* of His Sardinian Majesty.
taken: banners, cannon, and two enemy generals. For the first time,
takes place towards the free surface, and goes on until the gap is
takes place, which spreads by ascending and descending collaterals to
taking a paper from his writing table. "Here!" and he handed it to
taking from three to five times as long as in an ordinary burn, and
taking her eyes off him, and smiling and holding her breath. He gave
taking him prisoner of war and putting an end to all hopes for the
taking his eyes from the window and from Dolokhov's back. Anatole
taking some bags of flour himself and throwing them into the street.
taking some steps forward and back to save himself from falling. An
taking up his table napkin he pushed back the tumbler and wineglass
taking. The officers followed to check the soldiers and were
tale as to something new, and the quiet rapture Karataev evidently
talent, energy, and spirit of the South.
tales. Listening to the story of the struggle between love and duty,
talk and wrapped and bandaged in anything they had been able to get
talk became undecided and indefinite. Then all preferred listening
talk ceased and all eyes were fixed on Kutuzov who, wearing a white
talk in this way, but posterity and history have acclaimed Napoleon as
talk with a beekeeper she met, and constantly interrupted her story to
talk, a crowd of wounded and stretcher-bearers was gathered.
talkative, or actually delirious. The tongue is dry and coated, the lips
talkative. "Can you imagine it?" and he began describing how the
talked about her health, and this pleased her. But sometimes she was
talked among themselves and sometimes laughed. Nearest of all to the
talked only because she physically needed to exercise her tongue and
talked well, adorning his speech with terms of endearment and with
talked, and kissed him at the same time. Only his mother was not
talked, and seldom listened; now he was seldom carried away in
talking about him. He reddened and turned away.
talking absolute nonsense. Kutuzov's expression grew more and more
talking in low tones and wearing ball dresses. The mirrors on the
talking to him about politics. Prince Andrew and the others gathered
talking to him and he has turned away," she said, pointing at him.
talking to him with particular warmth and the Emperor, with his head
talking to the ladies and listened to her. In the midst of a phrase he
talking with Sonya and Boris, and Vera with a subtle smile was
talking, calling to one another, laughing, and shouting.
talking, or sometimes listening to Pierre's stories, and then would go
talking. They hardly gave one another time to ask questions and give
tall youth, with a stony look on his face, and rigid and uplifted arm,
taller and twice as broad as their officer--all looked at their
tangled reins and traces of their horses with trembling hands.
tapped every locality of the West and South. To the railways were added
tariff and sustaining the principle of the Virginia resolutions but
tariff as a complete vindication of her policy and an undoubted victory,
tariff bill and disgruntled members of Congress could not forget them.
tariffs and trade discriminations should be longer endured. When the
tariffs, ship subsidies, a sound national banking system, and internal
tattered coat and trodden-down boots.
tattooing, are taken up by the phagocytes, and in course of time
tawny tint in her complexion and especially in the color of her
tax on lead, glass, paint, tea, and a few other articles imported into
tax to be a direct tax, and therefore null and void because it was laid
tax, postal savings banks, and government ownership of railways and
taxation and the currency; a bank is of appropriate use in the exercise
taxes and other dues. Then could the friends of easy money rejoice:
taxes and the issuance of paper money. It was with difficulty that an
te pallor of her skin. I do not think that I have ever seen such deadly paleness in a woman's face. Her lips, too, were bloodless, but her eyes were flushed with crying. As she swept silently into the room she impressed me with a greater sense of grief than the banker had done in the morning, and it was the more striking in her as she was evidently a woman of strong character, with immense capacity for self-restraint. Disregarding my presence, she went straight to her uncle and passed her hand over his head with a sweet womanly caress.
tea and breakfasting, the soldiers, munching biscuit and beating a
tea, and only awaited Prince Bagration to begin the council. At last
tea?" Natasha went up to her. "You have improved in looks and grown
tearless eyes, she locked her in; and having given orders to the
tears began to fall. Prince Andrew turned away and began pacing the
tears choked him, and leaning his elbows on the window sill be began
teeth, and again rose and bounded forward, followed at the distance of
teeth, but it lifted all the more sweetly, and was especially charming
teeth, continually smacking his lips, and repeating--"Excellent!
teeth, he began to wriggle and twitch his body and utter piercing,
telegraph poles, and they laid a heavy tribute upon the forests for
tell me of their victories over the Russians, and would pretend to
tell you for the tenth time that if the letter to the Emperor and
telling her things. She has had a dream and is frightened."
telling him of his love for Natasha and his firm resolve to make her
tells a man to consider the nature of the danger and the means of
temperature falls to normal or below it, and the patient breaks into a
temperature rises and other evidences of toxaemia appear.
temperature rises quickly, often with a rigor, and remains high; the
temperature to 103 o, 104 o, or 105 o F.; and a full bounding pulse of
temperature, called cool and warm (72 o-104 o F.), and of discriminating
temperature; certain changes in the pulse rate and the respiration;
temporarily interrupted by this outbreak was then resumed and carried
temporarily, with all their teeth and hair, and had only left it
temporarily--he felt that it no longer existed for him and could not
tence. As it was, he suffered a long term of imprisonment and afterwards returned to England a morose and disappointed man.
tend to perforate the periosteal capsule and invade the soft parts.
tend to surround the bone (Fig. 150), and to invade its interior,
tendencies and is defended here upon principles as communistic,
tendencies. Whatever share the East had in shaping laws and framing
tendency prevailed there, and this, together with his past and his
tendency to bleed, with the formation of clots, which dry and form a
tendency to disappear, and it is especially persistent when associated
tender passion were absolutely necessary and, seizing a moment when
tender, fixed, and matted to one another. In the glands of the groin the
tenderly on her son's arm, "be affectionate and attentive to him.
tenderness along the line of the affected vein, and the skin over it is
tenderness and emotion with which her heart was overflowing, but
tenderness at the seat of rupture, and the patient is unable to raise
tenderness in his affectionate look and smile that she could not,
tenderness, and glancing at Pierre she went out of the room.
tenderness. Besides this feeling which absorbed her altogether and
tendo-calcaneus--_Achillo-dynia_--and results from the pressure of
tendon cells, and the fibres which they form constitute the new tendon
tendon sheaths and bursae, and is then of an orange-yellow colour, the
tendon sheaths, and is described with diseases of tendon sheaths.
tendons, and in their sheaths.
tendons, and ligaments than a single bullet, which in many cases pushes
tends gradually to increase in size, and may, after many years, attain
tends to burrow on to the chest wall beneath the pectoral muscles, and
tends to grow forwards between the layers of the mesentery and to give
teno-synovitis. The opposed surfaces of the tendon and its sheath are
tense, and in the case of the elbow may be red and fiery as in
tense, fluctuating, and hot, and there is considerable pain and
tensely swollen, cannot be completely extended, and is so painful that
term of years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three-fifths of all
term, and it may be still-born, or, if born alive, may suffer from
terms for thirty years, and understanding the mood he was in
terms of capitulation, and meanwhile Kutuzov sent his adjutants back
terms with all the sovereigns of Europe and particularly with our own,
terms with his superiors, and a moral young man with a brilliant
terms. The more enterprising and the more fortunate who started life as
terrible and holy secrets of Providence while we remain in this
terrible and menacing. A cold shiver ran down his spine. He rose
terrible crash and something huge collapsed.
terrible it is and how dangerous. Too soon or too late... it is
terrible question absorbed him and to that question he heard no
terrible, I shall be very charmed to see you tonight between 7 and 10-
terrific thunder, and he looked round. There was some smoke, and the
terrified Metivier with his shock of black hair, and the prince in his
terrified her, just as the mere thought of it made him turn pale and
territories of the far Southwest. Thus scouts and pioneers continued the
territories, the District of Columbia, the forts and other property
terror and pity for himself. He remembered his mother's last letter.
terror-stricken face, and again at the arm, and on his face a
tertiary and latent forms of syphilis, which are precisely those forms
tertiary. This division is to some extent arbitrary and artificial, as
test, and by the fact that they usually disappear on removing the
tetanus, and the prognosis is favourable. It must not be confused with
tetanus, anthrax, and many other surgical diseases are due to different
texts harmless, from all liability, cost and expense, including
texts harmless, from all liability, cost and expense, including
than a month had recently died in the Rostovs' house at Yaroslavl, and
than any of them, and so he had left them and wished to pay them
than anyone, led the guests into the drawing room, and seated them
than anywhere else. Two sergeants major were sitting with them and
than before, and a group of Russians, both men and women, gathered
than in her ball dress. She and all the Rostov family welcomed him
than normal, and in course of time the current may cease (_stasis_), and
than normal, and the vessel moves bodily with each pulsation. It must be
than once tears rose to her eyes and to those of Monsieur de Jobert
than once, he and Hamilton, shaking violently with anger, attacked each
than one can digest, and not having more wives or husbands than are
than one occasion. They were given medals and public testimonials even
than ours, and that he was writing in haste from the field of battle
than she was already, but that was enough. She exhaled happiness and
than the canals and railways, the difference could be overcome by the
than the combined areas of France and Germany. As a salve to the wound,
than the others present, suddenly pushed forward with a scared and
than this side of life, where everything was either emptiness and
than those described above, and is chiefly met with in the joints of the
than usual and awaited his son with great impatience.
than, anyone he had met before, and above all better than himself.
thank you!... forgive!... thank you!..." and tears began to flow
thankless task--had arrived. Taft accepted the inevitable and called
that "shelter" was Unterkunft in German, and his face suddenly
that Borodino had been occupied and the bridge over the Kolocha was in
that Catherine Petrovna would play valses and the ecossaise on the
that Denisov had said was clever and to the point. What the general
that God will not forsake him. He will fulfill his vocation and
that Helene had great success and was honored was by the special
that I was in Moscow in my house, in the big sitting room, and
that I was threatened with prison, and had a mother who could not
that I'll obey him and that he can order me about. I will certainly go
that King James had been dethroned by his angry subjects, and the people
that Kutuzov despised knowledge and cleverness, and knew of
that Kutuzov's flabby lips were trembling and that tears were in his
that Napoleon's army might turn back through Medyn and Yukhnov, but
that Natasha had too much of something, and that because of this she
that Natasha saw. She felt agitated and tormented, and the cause of
that Pierre need not worry about that as they had an ambulance and a
that Pierre stopped and glanced inquiringly over his spectacles at his
that Prince So-and-so and So-and-so did and said this and that, and
that Princess Mary was in Moscow. The death, sufferings, and last days
that Ramballe was an officer and ought to be warmed. A Russian officer
that Russian soldiers only need to be restrained and held back! On all
that Scott had not been free anywhere and that, besides, the Missouri
that Sonya was right, and for that very reason flushed and with
that adopted all the army methods and had infantry, artillery, staffs,
that affair for me and I shall always be your most devoted slave-
that all alterations and revisions should be reported to Congress for
that all men are equals, and had more than once impressed on his
that all that happened to the ram did not happen accidentally, and
that although the bacilli have effected a lodgment and have inaugurated
that and put it into a shed boarded up with planks!" He smiled, and
that at dinner and all that evening Natasha was in a strange and
that at the positive pole nitric acid, and at the negative pole caustic
that atmosphere of a large and active town which is always so
that battlefield; and something that had long been slumbering,
that brothers more worthy than he would test him and that Pierre had
that by indulgence and silly talk she was spoiling little Prince
that calling. Splendid Cheyenne saddles are less and less numerous in
that chamber the Republicans had a slight majority and a two-thirds vote
that covered the dam, the pond, and the bank.
that dam over which for so many years Moravians in shaggy caps and
that day in a dull and wretched mood. At nine in the morning, he heard
that dear, loved face, a new life force took possession of her and
that dirty pool like carp stuffed into a watering can, and the
that divine purity and devotion I look for in women. If I found such a
that elapses between the occurrence of infection and the appearance of
that employed for the subclavian artery, and the nerves are sought for
that everyone believed in the merit and usefulness of his deed, and he
that everyone ducked. It flopped into something moist, and the general
that everyone went at a trot and that he fell off his horse and
that exists between the expression of someone's will and the execution
that filled his swollen eyes. He remembered everything, and ecstatic
that for the senile form. Success has followed opening the artery and
that fraudulent stocks and bonds were sold to the innocent public. It
that gesture Rostov instantly recognized his lamented and adored
that had already once been given in detail: "and tell the hussars that
that had been cut short. "She's ridden all day like a man, and is as
that had long since and often occurred to him during his military
that had not yet shed its leaves, he stopped and beckoned mysteriously
that had up to then been in regular order and silent began to sway and
that had weighed him down. He felt young, bright, adroit, and
that half-hour Rostov cast eager and restless glances over the edge of
that happy mood in which everything seems possible and everything
that he and Prince Andrew understood the insignificance of the
that he could not go back on his word, and his father, sighing and
that he did not wish to remember her existence and warned her not to
that he had no connections in the city and was a stranger there. In
that he had suddenly softened and that this softening and gentleness
that he has received a letter and is expecting a visit from Prince
that he himself was going to don a uniform and ride at the head of his
that he ought to avoid her and go away, Pierre, despite that decision,
that he took a great liking to you," he went on simply and calmly,
that he was able to buy a small estate adjoining Bald Hills and was
that he was alive and suffering from a burning, lacerating pain in his
that he was looking at her shoulders, and she involuntarily caught his
that he was quite well and unwounded. Many various, indifferent, and
that he was smiling contemptuously at my words, and I wished really to
that he was the quartermaster of the regiment and his commander had
that he would leave that night for the army at Mozhaysk, and that
that her mother was still praying she ran on tiptoe to the bed and,
that hint, not feeling his former agility and boldness, and under
that his arm drops powerless and limp like a rag, and the horror of
that his information is incorrect and that the real course of the
that his jest was unacceptable and had not come off. He grew confused.
that history is written by learned men, and so it is natural and
that imposing and stately appearance one sees in men of forty who live
that in the Otradnoe avenue and at the window that moonlight night had
that in the army, besides the subordination and discipline
that in the previous twenty years nearly a million and a half had found
that is separated, and with it the tendon of the deep flexor, which
that is, alone and in full view of the Emperor.
that it became his favorite and almost his sole occupation. Nicholas
that it cannot be shelled out. There is no endothelial lining, and the
that it never entered her head that the relations between him and
that it plainly and indubitably proved the fallacy of all the plans
that it seemed as if it were all a lost and unappreciated bliss,
that it was organized into a territory of the United States and brought
that it was waged "without justifiable cause," and refused to approve
that love in some way and knowing that this was impossible was ready
that low and simple kind that Pierre had once felt for his wife, nor
that makes us see beauty. It is only Malvinas and women of that kind
that moment his legs grew cold and bare.
that moment the French who were attacking, suddenly and without any
that morning and had been in a fever of excitement and activity all
that movement, and those sounds. He turned to look at Kutuzov and
that night had listened at the door. In a suffering and weary voice he
that no country could have a wide empire of trade and dominion without
that nobody was right or wrong, the future held nothing, and there was
that none of the cyst wall be left behind. In large and adherent wens an
that not a logical answer and not at all a reply to them. The answer
that obtained in 1812, and the Russian army in its pursuit of the
that of new-mown hay, can be detected in the breath and may pervade the
that on and after January 1, 1879, "the Secretary of the Treasury shall
that order the servants set to work at this new task with pleasure and
that particular power to be the one absolute and real power, and
that position, straightened himself, adjusted his feet, and leaned
that presently. I am delighted to meet a compatriot. Well, and what
that radiant look, those gentle graceful gestures, and especially
that rage and strength which she knew and had herself experienced
that regiment, the welfare of the men and the necessity of receiving
that resting place eclipses his ultimate goal and attracts all his
that revolution. They led in agitations and uprisings. They suffered
that she could say the emptiest and stupidest things and everybody
that she did not remember what she had said, and that she had no
that she had then seen and said that he was covered with a pink
that she loved for the first and only time in her life and felt that
that she ought not to have asked it. He smiled, looking at her, and
that she was innocent and unhappy at my desertion, and much more. I
that she would do anything and was prepared for anything, but gave
that shone within himself, and at once without any effort saw in
that significant look whether he agreed or disagreed and was satisfied
that so-and-so was dead and so-and-so was married, which she would
that son who had first learned to say "pear" and then "granny," that
that sting and burn the language of prudence and caution. Is it a matter
that that man suffers, and this Don Juan, wicked fellow, is taking
that the Council and Senate are estates of the realm, he said that the
that the Frenchwoman blushed and went away without a word. When he
that the appearance of several authorities, their struggles and
that the arrival of a suitor agitated her, and still more so by both
that the axis cylinders in the central end grow downwards, and enter the
that the battle was lost and despite the fact that for an army to have
that the best of families can expect to have for years and of course can
that the blood flows down again, and so a vicious circle is established.
that the blood supply to the integument is being cut off, and is an
that the combatant who so sensibly employed the best and simplest
that the condition has been described as a "chondromatosis" and is
that the continuity of the bone is maintained only by tumour tissue, and
that the corner of the field he stood on was well-known and familiar
that the deformities become less and less frequent with each year. Those
that the epithelium of the skin grows in and lines the track leading
that the king and Parliament therefore had undoubted authority to make
that the maid could hardly get her hair plaited, and she was
that the minister and his son had arrived, but the appearance of
that the muscles are inserted and drag on the perichondrium when
that the necessity of relinquishing that role and abandoning Moscow
that the screams of the crowd and the shrieks of the woman were due to
that the soldier shouting "Brothers!" was a prisoner, and that another
that the strange lady, the aide-de-camp, and some of the servants, all
that the table nearly broke down and the tumblers on it jumped
that the urine is passed with pain and difficulty and in a minute
that the wound was mortal. But he needed further proofs and it was
that their mode of action has been properly understood, and to August
that there is no time for that sort of thing and a young man fears
that there would be something unnatural, and as it seemed to him
that they all--she herself, Mamma, and Sonya--should be as well
that they frequently overlap and cannot always be distinguished from one
that they had been a minority of the voters in 1860 and warned by the
that they might check and balance one another, it has given, according
that they would never grant it. A spirit of conciliation, fair play, and
that this couch will be my grave?" Natasha, flushed and eager,
that this was the wife of the priest whose home it was, and that she
that time notorious among the rakes and scapegraces of Petersburg.
that tissues might be taken from the operating theatre and kept in cold
that to which it originally belonged; it may then degenerate and give
that was as yet burning only at one end, just below the roof, and
that was going on, she called Sonya to her and, instead of reproaching
that we call shock are varied, and include such emotional states as
that wealth, power, and life--all that men so painstakingly acquire
that were in the huts, and dragging away boards, dry wood, and
that were in them. She leaned over to her brother and kissed him,
that were to take some of the wounded away, shouts, curses, and
that what they had lived through and experienced could not be
that when half Russia had been conquered and the inhabitants were
that which can convince me, dear friend--life and death are what
that while "they appear to have clear heads and active intellects,"
that year, as all his estates had been remortgaged, and so Nicholas,
that's my legs, and that is the door, but why is it always
that's what I expected and feared."
that, before her whom he loved and who loved him? Had he expected to
that, from the point of view of observation, reason and the will are
that, when you are going to this terrible war, and he is so old?
thatched roofs and had become terribly thin, though still covered with
thatched roofs in place of fodder, and sat down to dine round the
the  of  and  to  in  I  that  was  his  he  it  with  is  for  as  had  you  not  be  her  on  at  by  which  have  or  from  this  him  but  all  she  they  were  my  are  me  one  their  so  an  said  them  we  who  would  been  will  no  when  there  if  more  out  up  into  do  any  your  what  has  man  could  other  than  our  some  very  time  upon  about  may  its  only  now  like  little  then  can  should  made  did  us  such  a  great  before  must  two  these  see  know  over  much  down  after  first  mr  good  men  
the "hold-over" Democrats and Populists still enjoyed a power out of
the A B C of war or of politics, and that Bonaparte was an
the Almighty lay the duties of wife and mother upon me I
the American people were to pour out their blood and treasure.
the Appalachians and the Mississippi. He also had before him the history
the Army Orders by heart and know the Regulations as well as I do
the Baltic Provinces--and I can live in Petersburg on my pay, and with
the Berezina, beyond Vilna, and farther still.
the Bible. The cry was caught by the assembled multitude and given back.
the British colonies and plantations in America ... for applying the
the British rules would be subject to seizure and confiscation by French
the British state and laid down a test of allegiance to the new order.
the Brotherhood was merely to be intimate and in favor with members of
the Carolinas and made heavy calls upon them all for troops. The answer,
the Caucasus, and by the Russians in 1812.
the Christmas holidays and Sonya's love, had opened out to him a vista
the Commons were equally vain. The ministry was firm in its course and
the Confederacy and their white supporters might be permitted to share
the Constitution, bewildered by many proposals and unable to agree on
the Constitution, which he had helped to make and interpret, he was now
the Cossacks, and all who were in the camp, undressed and only just
the Court remarked that it could not take charge of and operate the
the Crimean bridge and some were already debouching into the Kaluga
the Danube, marching on us, you, and your lines of communication."
the Declaration of Independence, even if splendidly phrased, and paper
the Dingley bill and the position of many industries had been altered
the East and of Western Europe. The scoop shovel once used to handle
the East because Napoleon wished it and a man who says that this
the Emperor Napoleon if we take this bridge, so let us three go and
the Emperor about him; so that in the case of his death--and he is
the Emperor and would recommend him for a St. George's Cross. When
the Emperor had a plateful of biscuits brought him and began
the Emperor had kept him, and Prince Andrew noticed this affectation
the Emperor had said so-and-so and this minister so-and-so, seemed
the Emperor placed on Moscow and especially on its illustrious
the Emperor was and to explain frankly to some gentleman-in-waiting
the Emperor's displeasure at the poor success of our forces and the
the Emperor, now Denisov, and now Moscow memories--and he again
the Emperor, the wishes he supposed the Emperor to hold, and the
the Emperor. He received Bolkonski stiffly and coldly and told him
the Empress' Field." said clearly and distinctly.
the English taxpayers were thankful for any promise of relief, and
the Enns, an officer, in a cloak and with a type of face different
the Erie opened in 1825 was the most noteworthy; and by the railways,
the Essen corps arrived and Prussia took our side.
the Eternal Architect of the universe, and of the courage with which
the First Degree, and a dinner had been arranged for the evening,
the Fourth Class for courage shown in the Ostrovna affair, and in
the French Emperor's love and habit of war coinciding with his
the French Revolution, and so on. Without each of these causes nothing
the French army was beaten and preparing for flight. But these were
the French army--and sometimes shook that tree itself. By October,
the French concern were then bought, and the final details settled. A
the French general, officers, and men changed to one of determined
the French had captured the fleches and the village of Semenovsk,
the French held at that time. For that, only very simple and easy
the French position. Our infantry were stationed there, and at the
the French sword and pouch. "I have taken an officer prisoner. I
the French were beaten, that the enemy was flying and must be driven
the French, and thirdly by the fact that a large Russian army was
the Great Lakes, the other through Philadelphia and Pennsylvania and
the Great's old cudgel out of the museum and belabor them in the
the Guard, and a page of Napoleon's, a young lad of an old
the Guards, wore medals, and held some special lucrative posts in
the Hebrew, in which the first nine letters denote units and the
the Indians, and the lands surveyed for sale, the way was prepared for
the Knights of the East and of Jerusalem, and he responded in the same
the Kolocha, and had he not then ordered an immediate attack on the
the Kremlin and in Posnyakov's house were closed again at once because
the Masonic aprons and insignia he saw the uniforms and decorations at
the Mexican War brought California under the Stars and Stripes. They had
the Middle West, in the Eastern cities, and in Southern states. Then
the Minister of War but also his Most August Majesty the Emperor and
the Moroseyka, the Lubyanka, and Pokrovka Streets. Others quartered
the North and the many smaller rivers in the South made it possible for
the North, the property of the loyalists was confiscated and the
the North. The former by climate and soil was dedicated to a planting
the Northern and Middle states are capable of producing but which, owing
the Northwest territory forever and also the Missouri Compromise, which
the Old World and to find free homes in America. Thousands, like the
the Ordinance, Congress added the sixth article forbidding slavery and
the Pole Przebyszewski and of the Frenchman Langeron, Kutuzov's
the Pope himself would hear of her and would send her a certain
the Prussian and Scottish lodges. I told him everything as best I
the Prussian army and was aide-de-camp to a very important personage.
the Red Men still wielded the tomahawk and the scalping knife. It was
the Republican ticket; but this was readily overlooked. Hayes and
the Republicans; they received from the former very specific and cordial
the Revolution, of the ideas of 1789 and so forth, and at another
the Roman and French codes into Russian, and he felt ashamed of
the Rostovs and spent the rest of the day there.
the Rostovs had known from childhood, and who had now become a wealthy
the Rostovs' house and of his childish love for Natasha was unpleasant
the Rostovs' position and his own, he decided that the time had come
the Rostovs. He had been in Moscow several times, and had passed
the Russian army. Many heroes have been described to us in verse and
the Russian entrenchments, and the places where, in line with them,
the Russian line shone through the smoke. The weather was calm, and
the Russian side. Though the condition and numbers of the French
the Russian with his heir the Tsarevich, and the Austrian with the
the Russians made that effort, and the flame of battle burned slowly
the Russians, and projects of giving battle, and above all the
the Sedition law null and void, as violating the federal Constitution.
the Senate and House of Representatives, according to the rules and
the Senate and in the end the whole scheme of the national Constitution
the Senate chairs in the Senate Square, and cook themselves meals
the Senate, shall appoint ambassadors, other public ministers and
the South, we read of tiny schoolhouses, where boys, and sometimes
the South. As if to add bitterness to gall and wormwood, the fourteenth
the South. Between 1860 and 1870 the number of manufacturing
the Southern Pacific and its subsidiary corporations. In September the
the Stamp Act Congress and the Massachusetts Circular. Macdonald, pp.
the Stamp Act. Then it veered again and renewed its policy of
the Stars and Stripes and the Union Jack should wave together over an
the Stone, Moskva, and Yauza bridges.
the Supreme Court and stringently enforced.
the Susquehanna early in the following century, and iron masters then
the Swedes of Delaware, and the Scotch-Irish of the interior "were not
the Uhlans, bullets came from the front, whining and whistling, but
the United States and will form a new epoch in our political course....
the United States to join them, and, on meeting a polite refusal, they
the Vozdvizhenka Street, which had remained uninjured and needed
the West and South. On the contrary, by advocating government assistance
the West and the older home of Federalism in the East. The nationalism
the West, and the South. In the first sphere of action the chief events
the Western states. Of the output of flour and grist mills, which almost
the Western trade and in 1857 had trains running into St. Louis.
the Wonder-Worker on his breast, and his way of speaking and
the _small_ and the _large spindle-celled_, the _giant-celled_ and the
the _subungual exostosis_--is described and figured on p. 404. Bony
the abscess may be employed. An incision is made through the skin and
the absence of infection is said to be _aseptic_, and under these
the absorption of inflammatory products and in overcoming adhesions and
the acromion, and the upper part or roof is rolled up in the same
the action and its investigation, and according to the greater or
the action had begun on the right flank and the French were already
the action of the muscle is impaired, and the patient complains of pain
the actors and actresses were robbed.
the adjacent joint. The veins of the marrow are of large calibre and are
the advancing spring and summer seasons, they were driven northward
the advantages and disadvantages of the position, the state of the
the affected side the wave is smaller in volume, and delayed in time. A
the affected veins, and in an inherent weakness in the vessel walls.
the age of twenty-five years, and been seven years a citizen of the
the aid of his own knowledge and by talks with experts, tried to
the air, the blood and serum exuded on its surface may dry and form a
the almshouse and the lunatic asylum, could be seen some people in
the ancient and honorable term selected by Jefferson and his party, now
the angry and stinging reproaches he meant to address to Kutuzov for
the animal did not after all suffer from rabies, and that the patient
the animated sounds of her father's voice and another's--a woman's-
the anteroom and downstairs into the yard.
the anterooms of many important men, and the different types of such
the appetite is impaired, the patient is easily tired, and there may be
the approach of the French fleet; and they captured and held both
the arid soil, the management of property, and the upbuilding of
the arm and forearm hang close to the side, with the forearm extended
the arm, and he may be unable to flex the elbow when the forearm is
the armpits and dragging along a little old man in a uniform and
the arms, munitions, supplies, and transportation required in the
the army and the reasons that have induced you to take this melancholy
the army ever deeper and deeper. When water is spilled on dry ground
the army nothing but flogging, drilling, and Military Settlements; the
the army's foraging operations, provision trains, and hospitals. When-
the army, another, a ninth party, was being formed and was beginning
the army, growing more incoherent and more diffused, mingling with
the army," and which constitutes the sinew of war, Kutuzov's words,
the army. Behind, before, and on both sides, crowds of militiamen with
the artery tends to become dilated, and to form a thick-walled sac,
the artery that is presumably healthy and where relations are
the artery; from a "pulsating aorta"; and from spinal caries; much help
the articular surfaces, and it may be also the ends of the bones, are
the articular surfaces, reparative and hypertrophic changes are taking
the articulation. The pain, stiffness, and effusion into the joint which
the assistant on the skin in front, one above and the other below the
the attack with music and with drums beating, and killed and lost
the back rooms where a cork and various dressing gowns and male
the bad reception I had encountered, and of my rupture with the
the baggage wagons had all crossed, the crush was less, and the last
the balance between life and death may be turned by the most trivial
the banner and stumbled over it. Several of those present laughed.
the battery and Pierre ran down the slope stumbling over the dead
the battery; two guns were smashed and cannon balls fell more and more
the battlefield and, addressing him, again used the epithet "young
the beast of the Apocalypse now seemed to him meaningless and even
the bed, and appeared to be meditating as he looked contemptuously
the bed, and putting on his spectacles he began reading. Only now in
the bed, pale and dry eyed, and was gazing at the icons and whispering
the bed. "Ugh, how hard it is! Oh, that this toil might end and you
the beginning. It will be but the stepping stone to others larger and
the bench and the lieutenant colonel sat down beside him.
the best American talent; we must train those applying for admission and
the best and happiest moments of his life--especially his earliest
the better and roomier part of Andrew Savostyanov's hut. The men,
the big masters of commerce, the heads of railroad corporations and of
the bills, and enact laws protecting American industry and commerce.
the birches that formed the forest, it was ten times as thick and
the bleeding indicates the size of the damaged vessel, and the colour of
the blessings of liberty and civilization upon all the rescued peoples.
the blood and the nature of the flow denote whether an artery or a vein
the blood is used up in neutralising the substances injected, and this
the blood, the tissues are imperfectly oxygenated, and the patient
the bloodstained post, he leaned back and, not being comfortable in
the blue uniforms and groups with horses, easily recognizable as
the boat hook no longer reaches the moving vessel, and suddenly the
the bodice before the door opened and Countess Bezukhova, dressed in a
the body of a greyish colour, cold, and clammy. The pulse is rapid,
the body, and is known clinically as a _rigor_. When the temperature
the bond between her own body and soul.
the bone and into its interior, where the progress of the cancer is
the bone by way of the blood vessels and lymphatics, and gives rise to
the bone marrow, the substance of muscles, the heart and pericardium,
the bone, and is described as "boring." It is aggravated by use of the
the bone, which is hard in some parts, and doughy and elastic in others.
the bones and joints imparts to the disease the features of pyaemia. The
the bones becoming denser and heavier than normal. In the flat bones of
the boundary strip in sixteen paces. A whizz and a thud! Five paces
the bounties of the government, are ever more active and vigilant than
the breaking down and liquefaction of the diseased gland may be avoided
the breast, liver, uterus, prostate, colon, and rectum; hyper-nephroma
the bridge and not let us cross? But it will please our sovereign
the bridge over the Enns, and then guessed that the card that came
the brink of some rivulet and by kindling a fire they may soon dress
the brothels," and with these words Marya Dmitrievna, turning up her
the bullet and smoke and powder-staining and scorching are more marked
the burdens of wars among the members and provided for a congress of
the buttock and thigh with long steel needles. Six or eight needles are
the buttocks and snuffles there is no difficulty in recognising the
the buzzing of the fly that flopped against his pillow and his face.
the campaign and who did not know Russian, yet felt deeply moved (as
the campaign, but of Dokhturov nothing or very little is said and that
the campaigns of Austerlitz and of 1807 Rostov knew by experience that
the capsular and other ligaments, and may be made to grate upon one
the capture of a whole French squadron. The day was bright and sunny
the carriages, the caleche, and the phaeton, all crossed themselves as
the cart and remained motionless a long while sunk in thought.
the cartilage causes pitting and perforation of the cartilage and makes
the case of a skillful rider and, slightly bending over, disengaged
the case with his bony fingers, tuned the guitar and settled himself
the cattle ranges and hundreds of farms were conducted like factories in
the cavities of joints, and in the interior of serous cavities, for
the cellars and stores containing army supplies. Others have disgraced
the cells containing dead brood and honey an angry buzzing can
the center of the battlefield. On the field between Borodino and the
the central black eschar and of the circumstances which attend upon
the chairs, the orators spoke one after another and sometimes two
the characters of his patients in general, and especially of the
the chronic fear of civilians in Congress and to wring from that
the cicatrix. There is no pain, and the surrounding parts are healthy.
the circulation and ultimately becoming impacted in a blood vessel. This
the city through Tver, Kaluga, and Dorogomilov gates. Faster and
the city was given the right to buy and operate the system if it desired
the city where peasants can bring their surplus supplies and the
the clergy and nobility and resolved themselves into a national
the clinical features are those of an acute cellulitis and deeply seated
the cloak with which he was covered and, making wry faces at the
the clouds were passing, and a clear black sky appeared. Sometimes
the coats of the vessel are stretched and form the sac of the aneurysm,
the coffin--the Marshal, the village Elder, peasant women--and all
the cold from outside and a feeling of gaiety, crowded, at first
the collections for the poor, and they intrigue, the Astraea Lodge
the colleges, trades, and professions; equal suffrage; the right to
the colonel and carried them out. It was pitiful to see them, boys,"
the colonel of his battalion, his steward, his major-domo, and various
the colonies between 1763 and 1765. Explain each in detail.
the colonies, paid from the British treasury, and independent of all
the colonies. These two limitations on American freedom and enterprise
the colonists could read. Through the newspapers, pamphlets, and
the colonists, the woolen, hat, and iron industries, were laid under the
the color of muddy water. At times a sort of mist descended, and
the combined movement of flexion and supination, slight limitation of
the commencement of the action balls and shells began flying all
the commercial world. The destruction of silver as money and the
the committee sat facing Bagration and, as the very personification of
the committee. I do not approve of it," said Arakcheev, rising and
the common origin of the extensors and supinators; the "sprinter's
the communication between the artery and vein, and, after separating the
the competition of foreign labor, both of men and women, left the
the condition has subsided, the limb is massaged and evenly bandaged to
the condition to the normal, and _repair_ ensues after the manner
the condyle. It may retain this position, or it may slip backwards and
the consciousness that they had captured part of the battlefield and
the constitutional element present, as the gouty and the diabetic ulcer;
the contents removed, the wall scraped, and the wound closed.
the contrary she even appeared shy of her unquestionable and all too
the convention voted first one way and then another; finally it agreed
the convention were widely circulated in this country and abroad.
the convoy and had uttered those solemn words about saving a child;
the copse across which our men, regardless of orders, were running and
the corner came Daniel the head huntsman and head kennelman, a gray,
the corporation that furnished the capital and leadership in the
the corps of prisoners, and when our men were not always getting
the cortex through the Haversian canals and anastomose with those
the count and countess respectfully conversing with the prior, who was
the count and moving toward the porch.
the count's generosity, he was instructing in reading, writing, and
the count's patriotism, Natasha jumped up from her place and ran to
the count, bowing and looking round uneasily as if afraid the old
the count, money and all things necessary for the uniform and
the count. He has, no doubt, forgotten it and will wish to destroy it.
the countess in, while maids rushed with cushions and bundles from the
the countess, silently and minutely studied her childhood's suitor. He
the country and the hatred of the French that all sons of the
the country ever since, and all looked with curiosity at a fiancee who
the country they had in abundance, and in battles such as were fought
the country," says Elson, "were utterly weary of the agitation and they
the countryside and put everything to fire and sword. The
the course of the battle and not one of his orders during the fight
the course taken by the fight, and that course never can be known in
the court of the Dowager Empress, who was a friend and relation of the
the courtiers, and by the Emperor himself, it occurred to one of the
the crackling of wood fires near and afar, merged into one tremulous
the crafty conduct of Bismarck, and so on. The Napoleonic wars still
the creaking of carts and gun carriages, the tramp of horses, the
the crowd and caps were doffed.
the crowd, they had got wedged in at the approach to the dam and,
the crown or to owners whose serfs paid quitrent and could work
the crows that sat on the carrion. The dog was merrier and sleeker
the crusts are prominent, dark in colour, and conical in shape, roughly
the current rumors from all sides and gave superficial and hasty
the cut ends of the nerves. When there has been suppuration, and
the cyst approaches the surface, and it is then also that percussion
the damaged nerves and muscles should be maintained by massage, baths,
the damaged part and its surroundings, and applying dry, non-irritating
the damaged vessel being ligated above and below the puncture. In some
the dashboard with snow, Anatole and his constant companion Makarin
the day, Wolzogen returned from Barclay and said that General
the dead men, ran to catch up his line and, falling into step with a
the death and destruction which it brought in its train. So for the
the debt remained and both interest and principal had to be paid.
the declaration from Petersburg gave him particular pleasure, and that
the deep and tender sorrow expressed in all her features agitated
the deep bell of the sleigh ringing farther and farther off, the black
the defense, the succor, and the victory of them that put their
the dentist, and he should brush them after every meal, using an
the deposit of lime salts in the young connective tissue and the
the depth of his soul he was glad she was remaining at home and had
the destruction of "Thy Jerusalem," and she prayed to God with the
the destructive process gradually spreads, and the patient eventually
the devastating storm of 1901, and confronted by the difficult problems
the diaphysis, and spreads along the medulla to a variable extent; it is
the different stages overlap one another, and the lesions of one stage
the discharge of pus continues, and the track opening on the skin
the discoloured area increases in size, and becomes successively green,
the discomfort and the risks from infection which its presence involves.
the disease, and with the joint affected.
the dismemberment of that empire and we do not think that the public
the distribution of the nation's wealth and resources.
the divided ends of the nerve and placing them under the most favourable
the divisions regiments, and battalions by heart.
the doctor told his wife (who had ceased to smile so happily, and
the door and the sound of footsteps.
the door at that moment and down the steps into the yard.
the door with her knitting. Princess Mary took a book and began
the door, Rostov saw that the sick and wounded were lying on the floor
the door, and tried to open it. Someone was holding it shut.
the dramatic and heroic aspects of war; but the long judgment of history
the drawing room with some maps which he spread on a table, and put
the drawing room, and the serfs had something served to them in the
the drawing room--that of love--boundless love for him, for her, and
the drawing room. Pierre dressed hurriedly and, instead of going to
the drawing room. She gave it to him and, unpleasant as it was to
the dressing stations the grass and earth were soaked with blood for a
the drive and the door stood open. Grass had already begun to grow
the dull, moist veil of mist. Nicholas went out into the wet and muddy
the dusty writing table, and, having laid the manuscripts before
the dying leaps and shudders of a mortally wounded animal. Very
the earth, its white light, and its long uplifted tail, shone the
the ecclesiastical point of view, and that her directors were making
the edentulous jaw and in the neck of the femur of a person advanced in
the edges and floor of the ulcer, and its surface is often covered with
the edges of the wound, and securely fixed in position so that no
the edges the epithelium has proliferated and is covering over the newly
the eighth cervical and first dorsal nerves.
the elbow dragged him to his company. The crowd of Russians and
the elbow or knee, and progressive flexion of the joint. The affected
the elders and Nicholas, who had also come to the table. "My God, my
the eldest princess, and moved with her to the side of the room
the election, and they adopted a colonial device--the pre-election
the election. Men were dismissed from public and private places on
the electrical reactions are altered, the muscles degenerate, and
the employer and the employees immediately involved in it. When,
the end of their term the next year they opened the door for North and
the ends of long bones, and particularly from tuberculosis, syphilis,
the enemy in full strength at Borodino--defeated at Krasnoe and the
the enemy's side (always followed by a ball flying past and striking
the enterprise attacked by the British and French decrees. American
the enterprise for direction and the skilled labor were wanting. The
the epidermis dies and can then be pared away. The unskilful paring of
the epiphysial cartilage from which they take origin, and constitute
the essential significance of the presence of the Emperor and of all
the evening and under the influence of wine--followed all that was
the evening, brought him to Moscow by daybreak, and driven him back
the evening, however, as the wife's face grew more flushed and
the evening, when it may rise to 99 o F., and is at its lowest between
the evenings. She blushed continually and was irritable. It seemed
the evidences of it come to me. The royal family by habit and tradition
the exhausted fields and the clay hills of the Southern states came
the exploration of waterways, the opening of trade, and even the
the expulsion of American forces from New York and their retreat through
the extent of the disease, and the raw surfaces swabbed with 1 per cent.
the external jugular vein, and receives lymph from the occipital and
the eyeball. There may be, in addition, congestion and oedema of the
the face there is a risk of lymphatic and of general pyogenic infection.
the fact that General Ermolov, coming up to the crowd and learning
the fact that God, the government, and Carnegie help those who help
the fact that the old count suspected her and that her husband to whom
the facts and the historical accounts only arises because the
the fair at Vyazma every year and smilingly offer it to her,
the farmers of the Northwest, favored it from the beginning and pressed
the farmers, masters of the ax and plow, with their wives who shared
the farther he left Moscow behind and the deeper he plunged into
the fashion of the men of Hartford, Windsor, and Wethersfield in old
the feelings of others, and had he at all understood what Pierre's
the femoral vein, and sometimes within the femoral canal. They receive
the femur and the acetabulum are markedly altered in size and shape.
the fever he had suffered from in the hospital in Moscow, and as he
the fields), "there is no truth, all is false and evil; but in the
the fifteen, and therefore 4x = 15y. Consequently x/y = 15/4. This
the final discomfiture of King George and Lord North, it is necessary to
the finger and thumb.
the fingers are crippled and useless, exposure to the X-rays should be
the fire and pressed it there!"
the firing was, he began to look for the general and his staff where
the first Continental Congress and had fled to England when he saw its
the first army, a place, as Berg said, "very agreeable and well en
the first decades of the nineteenth century, books, articles, and
the first dentition, sometimes at the second dentition, and sometimes at
the first glance at Natasha's face, and wept on her shoulder with
the first movement in the west--Paris--and subsides.
the first time, that he may not make a mistake and fall into the
the first turn of the tourniquet must be rapidly and tightly applied to
the fixed eyes and the pallor of the cheeks, the same expression was
the flames of which could be seen in the failing twilight--and as if
the fluid in the joint and injected into the subcutaneous cellular
the font, and awaited the termination of the ceremony. He looked up
the foot; and injuries of such specially innervated parts as the testis,
the forearm or to abduct the arm, and in most cases to flex the forearm.
the forest. Among the trees a man with long legs and long, swinging
the former founded a seminary at Troy, New York; and the latter made the
the forty-ninth parallel instead of "fifty-four forty," and give it
the fourth year, and of the third class at the expiration of the sixth
the free laborers of Europe; and under the slave system conflicts
the frieze gown stopped in front of the beautiful Armenian girl and
the front line and had unexpectedly to go into action. Rostov
the front line followed them across and the last Cossacks quitted
the front. Dron on the contrary retired to the rear and the crowd drew
the frontal and parietal eminences are unduly prominent. There is
the frontal bone, sternum, tibiae, and ulnae, and localised tenderness on
the frontiers of France) talked in Vienna and by these conversations
the funeral. With drooping eyes and frequent blushes she told him
the ganglion cells of the solar plexus; (5) oedema and degeneration of
the gate and by Morel, who came to say that some Wurttemberg hussars
the gates and began pitching their camp in the Senate Square. Out of
the gauze, there is applied a thick layer of cotton wool, and the whole
the generals and statesmen of the day. The old prince seemed convinced
the generals was reporting to him where the guns and prisoners had
the generals who drove past was an acquaintance of the Rostovs', and
the genitals, and other parts which are constantly moist. It is
the genius Napoleon and, suddenly recognizing him as a brigand, sent
the girl, with the same artificial smile, and the princess found
the glasses, and stood with their muddy boots on the satin-covered
the gloom, but a dark sea swelling and gradually subsiding after a
the government as a machinery of corruption and personal influence."
the government of the others, and to that one, too, which is unelected
the grace of God sanctifying me. And tears came into my eyes, and I
the graft and the success of the transplantation. Macewen maintains that
the granulations share in the oedema, and there is an abundant serous
the great increase in the size of one of the long bones and its uneven
the great majority who act from disinterested and patriotic impulses.
the great toe (Fig. 107). It raises the nail and may be accompanied by
the great toe, the femoral and inguinal glands become enlarged in
the ground was more open and level than elsewhere. It was evident to
the ground). Let us assume that this program was possible and had then
the growling of a bear, and general commotion. Some eight or nine
the growth of what they called "a money power" and planters in all
the guest of honor and hero of the Austrian campaign, Prince
the guests to approach her after the old prince had gone out and
the gummatous lesions and the fibrosis of tertiary syphilis are directly
the guns round. Prince Andrew and the battalion were already within
the guns, and the bridge is taken! But what is best of all," he went
the habit of passions, and in place of an intellect (grouping events
the hair; they tend to pass off spontaneously; and they disappear
the happiest, merriest times for him and the whole family. Nicholas
the happy conquerors were masters in it and were patronizing him.
the harbor of New York and impressed a seaman alleged to be an American
the hazards of the new world. Soldiers were required for defense and
the head and leg by bullets. Around him, eagerly listening to his
the head of the Kursk regiment at Schon Grabern--and he would have
the head of the coming movement and bear the responsibility for all
the hearts and minds of those who heard him speak or read his printed
the heel without pain. The injury is of little importance, and if the
the highest degree the faculty of divining the needs and instincts
the highest instructions--here..." and he handed a paper to
the highest spheres did all these schemes, crossings, and
the hill (one shattered gun and one unicorn were left behind),
the hill could have made so gross and palpable a blunder.
the hills, and the narrow valleys conspired to keep the farms within a
the hip-joint, with which it communicates, and upwards, projecting
the historians was good and beneficent? Their activity would not
the historical accounts a whole series of innumerable, diverse, and
the histories of culture, to which all general histories tend more and
the homes and farms that stand in the names of the actual occupants have
the homes of rich and poor alike, if spared the torch, had been
the honored guests sat, everyone seemed to be in high spirits and
the horses were harnessed. They were both pale, and the superintendent
the horses, and often became unreasonably angry with his servant and
the hounds, but changed to the cry of ulyulyu, and above the others
the house and along the path that led to the back porch. He knew Sonya
the house and of those who came to see them was glad to see only one
the howitzers of Dessaix's and Friant's divisions, will move
the humerus, inclines downwards and outwards. When the patient is asked
the hunt, sent a pack of hounds and huntsmen on ahead to find the
the huntsmen approached, receded, and rose, he realized what was
the hurrahs of Charleston, folded up her flag and came into the union.
the hut he again regained consciousness, and while drinking tea once
the hypertonus and spasms are localised to the muscles in the vicinity
the ice-covered water and did not, surrender.
the incessant crackling of the flames talking and shouting could be
the income from them. Julie saw Boris' indecision, and sometimes the
the individual tissues and organs, as they vary widely according to the
the infantry, and having reached the village of Gruntersdorf they
the infection, as they have become less frequent and less severe since
the inflamed tissues, and applying a suction bell. When the exudate has
the inflammatory reaction, and the protective action of the leucocytosis
the inner layers of which are undergoing caseation and disintegration,
the innocent chondroma and the malignant chondro-sarcoma are met with.
the insignificance of that supposed power, turns away from it, and
the intellectual lights of Petersburg were gathered there and, like
the intercostal nerves, and is excited by movement of the chest, as in
the interest he took in, other people. The difference, and sometimes
the intervening stroma is abundant and composed of dense fibrous tissue,
the iodides of sodium and potassium. On account of their depressing
the iris is discoloured and reacts sluggishly to light, and there is a
the issue was withdrawn from diplomacy and placed in charge of Congress.
the joint becoming more and more restricted and painful. There is
the joints of the fingers the disease is remarkably symmetrical, and
the joys and vexations he derived from that world, to her so remote
the juniper oil is then removed by ether and alcohol, and the gut
the kidney lose their vitality quickly after death and are therefore
the kind had happened to her she was regarded in that light, and had
the king and carried on its operations under his supervision and
the king of support at all hazards in suppressing the rebellion and by
the knee the ganglion is usually multilocular, and consists of a
the knoll where he had spent over an hour, and of that family circle
the ladies' toilets and the gold and silver of the men's epaulets;
the lady looked round and, meeting the count's eyes, nodded to him and
the lamp inside was a human skull with its cavities and teeth. After
the lances and the unfolded standards fluttered against their
the lapse of twenty years, and that any import tax should not exceed $10
the last and next balls, about theatricals, and who would meet whom,
the last days of their retreat, of Karataev's illness and his death.
the late count--the kingdom of heaven be his!--and we have lived under
the latest war news, and when the ten minutes required by propriety
the lathe, and, approaching the table, summoned his daughter. He never
the latter looked in after supper, he pretended to be asleep, and
the law courts are closed; things have to be put in order, and we will
the leadership of Northern capitalists, and new through service opened
the leaf, gave it to Kozlovski, stepped quickly to the window, and
the least prudence, to follow their mercantile employments and not
the ledger must be recorded many a cruel and bloody conflict as the
the left the ground was more level; there were fields of grain, and
the legal heir to everything and you won't get anything. You must
the legislature and was likely to choose those who favored his claims.
the length and breadth of the land. The power of the government was also
the length of limb than do those at the hip or ankle, and they are also
the less dangerous she became to men, and the more freely they could
the letter away, and leaning his elbows on the table he drew toward
the level of section enlarge and their inter-communication becomes more
the lid, drew out a drawer, and took out an exercise book filled
the life of the peoples. And the history of the Godfreys and the
the life she preferred? What did it matter to anybody, and
the lights of shops, houses, and street lamps, fine carriages, and all
the limb in the "sling position," and resists movements in the direction
the line between public and private interest. Land was given outright to
the lint the young ladies prepared and that never reached the wounded,
the lip, and of the tongue. The part played by injury is doubtful. It
the little man with a condescending and good-natured smile. "Les
the liver, and they are rarely symmetrical. They are usually aggressive
the local features of malignant disease, and in a gland removed for
the long bones; the pain may be so severe as to prevent sleep and to
the long flexor and the short abductor of the thumb; the paralysis of
the long tendon of origin. There is pain and tenderness in front of the
the looting and re-establish discipline.
the loss of Philadelphia, the defeat at Germantown, and the retirement
the lower and higher beings, in this vast harmonious multitude of
the lower cervical and upper thoracic segments. Except that the joint
the lower end of the radius and lower end of the tibia, and at the
the lower limbs and spine, the arms appear unnaturally long; the head
the lumen; outside of this a layer of delicate connective tissue; and
the lymph to a healthy region above, and thus enable it to enter the
the main trunks of the maxillary and mandibular divisions, should be
the maintenance of law and order, and for the establishment of good
the major-domo made a significant and stern gesture to them both to go
the manifestations of the secondary stage, and histologically there is
the marauder? Pierre answered that he "was protecting a woman," and
the march and in camp, he endeared himself to his men by sharing their
the march began. The artillery and baggage wagons moved noiselessly
the march, rode to his father's estate where he had been born and
the march. Cossacks, foot and horse soldiers, wagons, caissons, and
the march: in their greatcoats, and packs, and without any preparation
the margins and partly from the remains of skin glands which have not
the margins of the blue area become of a violet hue, and as time goes on
the margins of the tongue and on the tonsils. In the absence of mucous
the marrow of long bones, and of again becoming active and causing a
the marrow of one of the adjacent bones, and the relative frequency of
the marshals. His eye fell on Pierre's large and striking figure,
the matter with him and remembered being wounded and how was when he
the meaning of the situation and set off to the court at Versailles with
the meaning of the words and made no kind of deduction from or
the measures the government has adopted to re-establish order and
the media, fails to take place, and bleeding goes on into the
the medial epi-condyle, and other and smaller glands may lie along the
the medial side of the knee, the angle of the scapula, and the heel.
the medial side of the popliteal space. It is flaccid in the flexed, and
the melancholy mood of the hostess, and then amused himself with
the member of the Hofkriegsrath mildly and attentively.
the membrane is becoming separated and thrown off. This is best done
the men and to set them an example, walked about among the ranks,
the men and women had separated as in church. All were silently
the men of long service and conservative minds. In 1910, the insurgents
the men should be in their greatcoats and in marching order, and
the men with great precision and formality.
the merchants before tears gushed from his eyes and he concluded in
the middle border. Beyond the Rockies, California, Oregon, and Nevada
the middle of his talk and gazing intently with his laughing, kindly
the middle of the stream, and the Uhlans caught hold of one another as
the mines and operate them until the strike could be settled. He then
the mines, and settle upon Western lands. In a word the Republicans
the minister's son was, with his rosy cheeks and dark eyebrows, and
the mirror her eyes full of tears and her mouth quivering, ready to
the mist, and his cold face wore that special look of confident,
the mob I gave them a victim and at the same time punished a
the mole, who often made him feel confused by her smiles and her own
the moment of making the effort to lift those legs up and turn over on
the money," and he threw the purse to him and ran out of the inn.
the more heated became the disputes, culminating in shouts and
the more of them we find; and each separate cause or whole series of
the most part they sat quietly in their places and were silent, or, if
the most part to be spoken at a moment of victory and triumph,
the motion both of Achilles and of the tortoise was continuous.
the mouth or throat, and by the characteristic, stone-like induration of
the muscle; the surrounding tissues are indurated, and central caseation
the mysterious gorges, and the pine forests veiled in the mist of
the name _ganglionic neuroma_ is applied. These tumours are rare, and
the name days and birthdays of the hosts, as many as a hundred
the nation as a great collection of individuals, companies, and labor
the national capital and emancipated from local interests and
the national government and its economic measures, or it must declare,
the native government, the abolition of the primitive monarchy, and the
the nerve, and appears to be due to the cutting off of the fibres from
the nerve, and the nerve may also be involved as a result of disease in
the nerves with antitoxin and so preventing the passage of toxins
the neurolemma or sheath of Schwann. Between the neurolemma and the axis
the new church he had built, and then receive visitors who would
the new guard--both officers and men--he was not as interesting as
the news that Dolokhov was soon coming and that all was well with him.
the next higher grades of the army, and so on to the apex, the point
the next room, marching stiffly, and drew up in front of Rostov.
the night with me and we'll arrange a game of cards. Of course you
the night--some repairing their footgear, some smoking pipes, and some
the nightshirt over his dried-up old body and gray-haired chest. "I
the normal, the bones become large and bulky, their surfaces rough and
the nose, of haemorrhage from the socket of a tooth, and sometimes from
the number of its servants with kingdoms and states of old. The effect
the nurse's and Dunyasha's protests she went out into the porch; Dron,
the observation that the small tumour is cystic, and that it follows the
the occasion and were therefore awkward.
the occurrence of thrombosis, and to lead to profuse and it may be
the officer and addressed him in French.
the officer in charge to have them decently dressed and tidied up
the officers and men of the Old Guard who had run up to see the
the officers, crack jokes, sit on the cannon, and meanwhile a French
the old bonds, certificates of indebtedness, and other promises to pay
the old count, and would stand for a long time holding the clothes and
the old lady next to her and glanced angrily at her daughter, and
the old legislative assembly freed from all royalist sympathizers and
the old man's bald head shining in the sun and seeing by the
the old man, extended his arms and embraced him. And this embrace too,
the old-fashioned seton. The skin and cyst wall are transfixed by a
the one he knelt on when praying on Trinity Sunday, and placed it
the one receiving the highest number of votes to be President and the
the one thing I have faith in! Our good and wonderful sovereign has to
the one way and manner of farming which produced good results.
the only one that could save the army, and how he alone would be
the opera, she gave a loud exclamation, flushed, and ran out of the
the orbit and endanger other nerves in this region. Harris recommends
the orbit, the scrotum and perineum, and on the chest wall. A blue or
the order to collect provisions, took also horses, carriages, and
the orders had all been given and were now being executed.
the organ to become enlarged, uneven, and indurated. This has even been
the organisms gaining access through an abrasion, and spreading by the
the organization of the greatest combinations and trusts the world had
the orifice of the urethra is rare, and, being concealed from view, it
the original thirteen states combined, except Georgia, and its system of
the other end sat the count, with the hussar colonel on his left and
the other side of the street. He heard nothing and saw nothing of what
the other side with their bayonets and guns.
the other was warming; and that when he had put on tight dancing shoes
the other window and ceased talking when Vera entered. Sonya and
the others without waiting for all the carriages to pass, and he began
the overlying skin or mucous membrane, and thus give rise to bleeding
the pain and other symptoms are relieved. The pus may contain blood and
the pan. Rostov turned his horse and galloped back. Four more
the papers and it was the first time he had heard Villeneuve's name.
the papilloma has been subjected to irritation and has ulcerated. The
the parasite, lymphocytes and plasma cells being the elements chiefly
the part becomes red and swollen; there is continuous pain, which soon
the part should be kept at rest, and the position should be adjusted so
the part, especially where this is loose and lax, as in the region of
the participation of Count Rostopchin and his broadsheets. The
the parts about the temple, cheek, eyelids, and auricle, and are
the parts, lest the clot be displaced and embolism occur. To avoid
the passions; but we must strive to direct them to a noble aim, and it
the past, letting it be understood how was the present; and every
the past, understood nothing of the present, and all he saw and
the past. Now she could remember it and weep or pray.
the patient becomes exhausted, and usually dies of some intercurrent
the patient being secluded from her friends and placed in charge of a
the patient shivers violently, while the skin becomes cold, pale, and
the patient's attention is diverted, the pain and stiffness may
the payment of the salaries and other expenses of royal colonial
the peasants had and increased the number by all possible means. He
the pelvic bones, and from an abscess or a mass of enlarged lymph glands
the people to read--the famous Cotton Mather having three hundred and
the people, we have found that they and their orders were dependent on
the period of growth, but becomes thin and less vascular when the
the periosteum does not keep pace with the absorption and replacement
the peripheral portion of the slough, from the blisters, and from the
the permanent molars, and may attain considerable dimensions.
the personal bond between the owner and the employees was substituted a
the petting and spoiling of children. "You want to make him"--little
the pilgrims and the solitude which refreshed her at Bald Hills--and
the pituitary and thyreoid; the diluted toxins of certain
the place where the hottest musket fire and cannonade were heard.
the plans--the probability of Chichagov, Kutuzov, and Wittgenstein
the pleasure of her saint's-day fete, turned away at once and
the pocket of his riding breeches, with his eyebrows lifted and his
the pockmarked peasant woman with the little girl, and when the patrol
the polite Austrian adjutant, Bilibin, and last night's
the porch, and the post by the side of the pavement. He sprang out
the position would be for the Emperor and his court to leave the army;
the power and wish to inculpate him, this expedient of an inquiry
the powers of Europe in a military expedition and a diplomatic
the presence of condylomata, and of fissuring and scarring at the angles
the present. I can't bear this waiting and I shall cry in a minute!"
the pressure exerted by a dislocated bone or by excessive callus, and
the pressure of the extravasated blood causes the skin to slough and,
the pretensions of Parliament and the ministers dependent upon it. His
the previous evening and early in the morning of the first of
the priest was a man of very severe and lofty life. There were never
the primary area before they are arrested in the lymphatics, and thus
the primary growth is a lympho-sarcoma and is situated in the tonsil,
the prince was sharp and invariably exacting, so that without being
the princess and hastily adjusting his lorgnette, as if without this
the princess' part toward her future sister-in-law and a wish that
the princess, a certain confusion and dissension had arisen among
the princess, and they were both speaking in excited whispers.
the princess, with the doctor, and with all the people he now met,
the princess. At last an old, cross looking footman came and announced
the principle that offices should be open to all and distributed
the prisoners, and that one of their comrades, a German soldier, had
the problems presented by the Indian and French menace that the
the process of analysis and enters on the new process of the
the profunda branch is usually traumatic in origin, and is more common
the pronated position, by the brachio-radialis and long radial extensor
the protection of American citizens and property, the injuries to
the protective barrier of leucocytes is broken down, and the
the proximal side of the junction, and these by slowly eating into the
the publican to the smith and back again as if considering whom he
the pulsation ceases, and compression of the artery on the cardiac side
the pulse becomes small and fluttering; the tongue becomes dry and
the purpose of building up the British merchant marine and navy--arms so
the purposes of its framers. It kept in operation the mills and furnaces
the purse undah the pillow," he said, and went out to the
the pus is mixed with broken-down blood-clot, and finally free
the pus, and on bacteriological examination are found to be swarming
the radius, and in fracture of the neck of the bone. The deep branch may
the raft and talked.
the railings which bordered our field and was looking earnestly up. I lowered my handkerchief and glanced at Mrs. Rucastle to find her eyes fixed upon me with a most searching gaze. She said nothing, but I am convinced that she had divined that I had a mirror in my hand and had seen what was behind me. She rose at once.
the railroad was "almost entirely destroyed, except the road bed and
the rattle of musketry and a muffled shout almost behind them in the
the rattle of wheels, the tramp of feet, and incessant shouts of anger
the ravine toward the ryefield and away from Nicholas.
the raw surface scraped, and then painted with iodine.
the raw surface, and the wound closed. If there is any reason to doubt
the reader went on, and then paused ("Do you see," shouted the youth
the readiness with which the sarcomatous cells are carried off and
the real division in the convention was not between the large and the
the rear and reached the front ranks, carrying them off their feet and
the rectum. They are ill-developed or absent also in the iliac and
the red-nosed captain and his drawn-in stomach, and mimicked his
the regiment I'd... Ah well, I'll show that in action, and for me
the regiment, all was clear and simple. The whole world was divided
the regiment, and Bogdanich knows it. Oh, we do prize it, old
the reins and started of his own accord.
the reins, and he moved off accompanied by an irregularly swaying
the representative principle and "undermine and overthrow the bulwarks
the rest of the troops who were on their way from Vienna, and with
the rest of you. Let me live like a man and think of my soul and of
the restless and eternal movement of mankind upon the surface of the
the restoration of Serbia and Rumania; the readjustment of the Turkish
the restoration of the balance of power between the North and the South.
the reticular portion, and is largely composed of adipose tissue.
the right and high up in the sky was the sickle of the waning moon and
the right carotid and its branches are diminished and delayed. Pressure
the right of the road, the cross and belfry of the Kolocha Monastery
the right sounded oftener and nearer. As soon as Tushin with his guns,
the right thing was at an end, and they were already admiring her.
the right to regulate his life and that of the whole family exactly as
the rights of American citizens. Finally after much discussion and
the rights of states and think of their commonwealths with affection,
the rise of Populism and the growth of labor disputes as the signs of a
the river between himself and the main body of the French. On the
the river, and so it is."
the river, and the Crimean estate, in order to make it possible: all
the road and the sappy leaves. The left side of the forest was dark in
the road, and began riding up the hill at a gallop toward the point
the room and began to say something in French. The Governor's face
the room and looking through the open doors into the two adjoining
the room. Denisov silently watched Lavrushka's movements, and when the
the room. No one spoke and the only sounds heard were the clatter of
the royal lawyers did but confirm rights and habits of self-government
the rug and began reading to him from a manuscript book an explanation
the ruin of Russia. She was agitated and incessantly tortured by the
the rustle and tramp of the French troops already beginning to move to
the sac of the aneurysm. The sac consists of the condensed and thickened
the sacrament. The dying man lay as lifeless and immovable as
the sacrum and, it may happen that, not being expected to recover, the
the saddles and Junot's spoon might be of some use, but that cold
the safety and the happiness of the people lurked in great inequalities
the salute and unable to repress the smile of delight induced by his
the same and always a fraud? There is no spring, no sun, no happiness!
the same as ever, only showing still more irritability and
the same as when an artery is ruptured, excepting that of aneurysm, and
the same cleanliness, the same stillness reigned there, and inside
the same degree; in time the tissues become so hard and tense as
the same feeling of unpleasant awakening from the hurry and
the same his serf and huntsman.
the same kind of talk, and at last all stopped. As often happens,
the same moment his kindly eyes grew moist with tears of joy and
the same mood. All alike were taciturn and morose. Talk was rarely
the same properties and characters, save that its growth on artificial
the same sense of ridicule and perplexity she herself experienced, but
the same state as Natasha and was therefore surprised on entering
the same thing: "It is time I understood her and made up my mind
the same time was glad he had surprised her at it and that she would
the same time, and that the Italian's cure consisted in removing
the same way the entry of the famished army into the rich and deserted
the same?" and he turned inquiringly to Balashev, and evidently this
the savior of the Constitution. Hayes and Garfield, though lesser lights
the scale in the battle between the tissues and the bacteria. Age is an
the scapula is unduly prominent, and there is impairment in the power of
the scar and bring the edges of the gap together.
the scarf and looking at her with her head bent first on one side
the scene of the previous and of the impending battle. Some Cossacks
the science explaining the whole creation and man's place in it. To
the screaming children the mummers, covering their faces and
the screams of those that were being trampled on and of those who
the sea, they will turn to the running battles, the narrow escapes, and
the sealing wax and quill pens his hands came upon on his uncle's
the search for evidence, and finally agreed to the proposition that the
the seat of pyogenic infection and of traumatic or trade bursitis, the
the secreting tissue is gradually replaced by connective tissue and the
the segment of bone is resected and a portion of the tibia or fibula
the septic process to the wall of the artery and the consequent erosion
the sequestrum presents along its margins and on its deep surface a
the serfs, punishments were to be admonitory and not corporal, and
the seventh and fourteenth days, and lasts till the wound heals, its
the several State legislatures, and all executive and judicial officers,
the severity of the infective process and consequently to the patient's
the shade, the right side glittered in the sunlight, wet and shiny and
the shafts of the bones are thickened, and the soft tissues of the
the shape of the synovial sac. The stiffness and the cracking on
the sheath from one compartment to the other, and this may yield
the shed, and on returning stopped by the door to play with a little
the shield of the Monroe Doctrine between the Western Hemisphere and
the ships to sail out of Hampton Roads and circle the earth by way of
the shoulder and wrist, and these also are the last to unite.
the shoulder, and said that he was very grateful, but that it was
the shoulder, and then went up to the table where Prince Andrew,
the shoulder, the spinati muscles are paralysed and wasted, the spine of
the shouts of hawkers, the light and gay summer clothes of the
the sick and wounded, yet the stand made at Krems and the victory over
the side as if paralysed, and the condition was formerly described as
the sides of his good horse, Bedouin, and sitting as though falling
the sight of the dancing soldier and the gay and smartly marching men.
the signet ring, and Zherkov, uneasily glancing at them all, and
the significance of the burning of Moscow, and looked at the fires
the silence, looked at Natasha and at Princess Mary. They had
the simple and solemn mystery of death that had been accomplished in
the simpler the action we are observing and the less complex the
the simplest and most familiar. As a general on duty on Kutuzov's
the situations which correspond to the various clefts and fissures of
the six rubbers he watched her and his friend.
the size, shape, and velocity of the missile, the range at which the
the skin and in mucous membranes--for example, cancer of the skin, of
the skin and wound secretions--an advantage it has over Martin's rubber
the skin is frozen with ethyl-chloride and a small incision made, after
the skin is habitually moist, and especially where two skin surfaces are
the skin may even slough, and the clinical features may therefore come
the skin, and is due to the introduction of infective matter at the root
the skin, in the stomach and large intestine, in the breast, the uterus,
the skull, and craniotabes--have been referred to in the chapter on
the sky to which Pierre had pointed, and for the first time since
the slain were continually being dragged away and the wounded
the slaves, was alone worthy of protecting the union and uplifting the
the sleigh bore to the right, drew up at an entrance, and Rostov saw
the small farm owned outright and tilled by the possessor and his
the small farmers of the South and as they beheld the menace of
the small foot shod in a Tartar boot embroidered with silver, and
the snows maintained the life of this original, peculiar, and unique
the soft parts. The periosteum, which is thick and easily separable, is
the soil, already exceeded the number of slaves on Southern farms and
the soldier was in the ranks, and so on. Similarly a man who committed
the soldier who told stories called it Femgalka; Karataev and others
the soldiers became aware that in front, behind, and on all sides,
the soldiers quite bewildered. They unlocked their shops and locked
the soldiers were convicted and lightly punished.
the soldiers who fired, or transported provisions and guns--should
the soldiers' faces and unnatural warlike solemnity on those of the
the sole and dorsiflexion of the toes. Areas of caries or necrosis occur
the son of his old friend and the possessor of such enormous wealth,
the sound as of a frightful explosion struck his ear, and at the
the sound of hoofs and wheels. Amid the general rumble, the groans and
the sound of voices and the shouts of command. The whole air reeked
the sound of wheels and footsteps heard by the outposts during the
the sources of the Mississippi River and penetrated the Spanish
the southern and eastern shores of Ireland for the New World.
the specific virus of a particular disease (the _antigen_) and the
the sphere of power in which he had so lately moved--and after several
the squadron and the enemy except a few scattered skirmishers. An
the squadron may be recommended for honors and he may get a ribbon.
the staff captain, "but we old fellows, who have grown up in and,
the stairs and embraced his sister.
the stalls, and the curtain rose.
the state rose from about $5,800,000 to $24,000,000, and millions of the
the statesmen in France and England, rather than the colonists in
the steady decline of her sea power since the days of the Armada and
the steps and voices of new arrivals in the vestibule.
the stifling atmosphere of the town, and the Rostovs did not move to
the stimulating influence of a June morning, and could not refrain
the stirrup as if loathe to part from his horse, and at last sprang
the storeroom. A third case was needed and servants had gone to
the story and not only said nothing to encourage Zdrzhinski's
the story), and how Rostopchin let him go and assured the people
the strange lightness he experienced, almost comprehensible and
the strangest fancies unexpectedly and disconnectedly passed through
the street, and the adjutant's unceasing moans could still be heard.
the street. Inside the shed Alpatych and the coachman arranged the
the stretcher into which his head had sunk deep and again his
the striped muscles of the body are replaced by bone, and all movements,
the stripes on their bodies heal, and they are happy as before. But it
the struggling men, and the fate of the red-haired gunner, who had
the subdivision of the soil and the great equality of condition," as
the subjacent marrow. The pus perforates the periosteum, and makes its
the subject of her request and must not be shown before the request
the subject of history, says plainly: I am free and am therefore not
the subjects of this disease may grow up to be as strong and healthy as
the subscription was fifteen rubles a head, and at which there were
the suite and a convoy of Croats. Beside Kutuzov sat an Austrian
the sum of them is 666, and that Napoleon therefore the beast foretold
the summer, and then how he had asked her about Boris.
the superficial lymph vessels, and the deep lymphatics may sometimes be
the suppuration rapidly involves the surrounding cellular tissue, and
the surface and caused an ulcer, this is treated on general principles,
the surface and demanded satisfaction. From that evening she seemed to
the surface and permit of infection which leads to ulceration. Varicose
the surface, of a pinkish or brownish-pink pink colour, and sends out
the surface, sinks to the depths, and again emerges. There now,
the surrounding bone and so causes the abscess to increase in size. If
the sweep of the prairie. Few monuments of other races and antiquity
the swelling and induration may lead to narrowing of the urethra, so
the swelling that came from bad food, preferred to remain on duty, and
the synovial membrane of a joint, and projects into its interior, giving
the system as a whole, vary with different irritants and with the
the table and began to lay them out for a game of patience.
the table sat the countess with Marya Dmitrievna on her right and Anna
the table with a determined and drunken gesture and preparing to climb
the tail of the gun carriage, moved forward and, not noticing the
the talk went off into merry jests and gossip.
the talking himself, and continued to talk with the sort of
the tariff and the trusts"--such was the battle cry which had been taken
the tariff, and taxation.
the tariff, trusts, and monopolies. Supported by a loyal following, he
the teacher first follow the text closely and then review the subject
the temperature rises rapidly with a rigor and runs an irregular course
the temperature usually rises one or two degrees. There is swelling and
the tendons, and this is usually successful in bringing about a
the terminal loops of the cutaneous blood vessels and the terminations
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
the territory statehood and the rights of American citizens. Federalists
the testicle, abdomen, or head, and occasionally marked nervous
the theorists are often one sided, and therefore one should not
the thigh are often wasted and are liable to twitch.
the thing over, some conceit prevents your apologizing, and you wish
the third and fourth metacarpal bones distally and to the radius or ulna
the third degree of chilblain and the milder forms of true frost-bite;
the third division and convinced himself that there really were no
the thirsty desert and turned its good-for-nothing sand into
the thirteen original states won their independence as separate and
the thorax. The chyle escapes and accumulates in the cellular tissue of
the thought that this man did not, and never would, know any of
the thoughtful profile of her drooping face. She moved, and the ball
the threatening and angry roar of the crowd. Like the seventh and last
the thrombus becoming organised and obliterating the vein.
the tibia consists of a shaft or _diaphysis_, and two extremities or
the time, in the second case it is the origin); and the question of
the time, wondered at his enjoyment and regretted that there was no
the tissues and intentionally left there, for example, suture and
the tissues with which they come in contact, and so render them less
the tomb of the little princess, and in this chapel was a marble
the top of the incline turned round and galloped full speed back
the tortoise has covered another one hundredth, and so on forever.
the town and attracted little attention from the inhabitants. The town
the towns of Worcester and Springfield and broke up the courts of
the traffic in them was highly profitable. Orphans and dependents were
the trails, across the Isthmus of Panama, and around Cape Horn. Before
the tree and says the apple fell because he wanted to eat it and
the tree is harmed, and your teeth are set on edge. Like an
the trees, and the hissing of the saber, "Ozheg-zheg-zheg..." and
the trees. Denisov, the esaul, and Petya rode silently, following
the trenches by October, 1917, and had their first severe encounter with
the triceps and anconeus may also suffer.
the troops pass by him. That morning Kutuzov seemed worn and
the true boundary between Venezuela and British Guiana. He added that it
the trusts to be made up of a network of large and small capitalists,
the truth of the common saying that the rich were growing richer and the
the tubs and stood, hanging her head.
the tumour grow into the small veins, and, becoming detached, are
the tumour is hard, and is known as a _scirrhous cancer_--a form which
the tumour. In rodent cancers of the skin, for example, both radium and
the tunica muscularis contract and those of the tunica externa retract,
the twentieth time and finding some peculiarly deep meaning in each
the twenty-fifth, in the position we intended and had fortified. But
the two points of a compass--_loss of epicritic sensibility_ (Head and
the ulcer extends in area and depth. The term _rupia_ is applied when
the ulcers, and in turn break down. While in the nodular stage the
the unconsciousness and freedom of his movements.
the union except Massachusetts, Vermont, Kentucky, and Tennessee. This
the upper end of the humerus and in the bones in the region of the
the use of antiseptic dressings is called for to prevent infection and
the use of cod-liver oil, and from preparations containing iron and
the usual formalities he left the lodge and went home.
the utility companies and the politicians was, to say the least, not
the utmost power and therefore to have the possibility of bringing
the vanquished received fifteen million dollars in cash and the
the various officials, old and young, military and civilian, who
the vast forest that had concealed them and, separating, flowed on and
the vein by pressure, and the symptoms of arterial aneurysm replace
the veins and nerves are similar to those produced by an aneurysm of the
the vertebral canal and lead to spinal meningitis, which usually proves
the very difficulties and preoccupations of the journey, which she
the vessels and vascular spaces undergo a remarkable development. The
the village joined the haulers, and the wattle wall, which was about
the village of Borodino and thence turned to the left, passing an
the village. Tell it to stop and await my orders."
the villages of Bezubova and Zakharino showed in the distance. On
the visitors and countess alike--turned to look at her as if wondering
the visitors, and before the visitors I tell you that in future you
the voice and a characteristic "brassy" cough may result from paralysis
the voices sounded louder and louder, especially that of the colonel
the wagons and tied on the loads. The adjutants and battalion and
the waiter filled his glass he changed his mind and altered it to
the wall, as if running a sword through an invisible foe, and
the walls, and leaving a passage in the middle. Most of them were
the walls. In the middle stood what were probably a king and a
the war that everyone expected and to prepare for which the Emperor
the war, and like everyone else unconsciously exaggerated their sorrow
the way in which he snapped off negotiations with Colombia and
the wealthy Julie with emotion, and resignation to the Divine will.
the weeping Mademoiselle Bourienne in her arms and gently stroking her
the weight of the body, and the pelvis assumes the shape of a trefoil,
the weight of the body, may interfere with the function of the limb, and
the wells and fought for the water and drank it down to the mud.
the wet nurse and little Prince Nicholas (as his grandfather called
the wheel and loom were taken out of the homes to the factories operated
the whistle and hiss of the flames, the excited shouts of the
the whistling of projectiles, and the piteous moaning of the cook,
the whiteness of that apron, which symbolized strength and purity;
the whole campaign and by the battle of Borodino, the Russian army-
the whole day was finally and indubitably answered in the affirmative.
the whole foot becomes greatly swollen and distorted by flattening of
the whole meaning of a song lies in the words and that the tune
the whole number of electors appointed; and if no person have such
the whole of the muscles of the upper limb may be flaccid, and the arm
the whole story of life. You talk of Bonaparte and his career," said
the whole suite of rooms without drawing breath, and then he
the whole, the relations between America and the mother country were
the will and letter are not destroyed, then you will have nothing
the window and beg him for the love of heaven to drive carefully
the window and went to the door. Suddenly the strange sound of a
the windows, icons, woodwork, and still unbuttressed walls, and should
the windows, the fence, and on Pierre's horses standing before the
the winter rye and the stubble. Again Erza and Milka were abreast,
the winter, and Natasha felt sure he had already arrived.
the wolf jumped up more quickly than anyone could have expected and,
the women of Pennsylvania to work sewing and collecting supplies. Even
the wood (it was plain that he had had a lesson) and stopped behind
the wood a brown hare with white feet sprang out and, scared by the
the word) in the officer's voice, in the expression of his face and in
the words chance and genius become superfluous.
the words: "Gallop off to Korchevo and carry out instructions!"
the world and mention the significant imperial and commercial points
the world! But what am I to do if I love her?" he thought, and he
the worst of it was that the pain distracted him and prevented his
the wound and the virulence of the sepsis would of themselves justify
the wound begin to throw out minute buds and fine processes, which
the wound is aseptic_, and the ends of the divided nerve are sutured or
the wound, or if it is serious from the outset and likely to be critical
the wounded are to go, and a courier from Petersburg brings a letter
the wrong he had done Sonya, felt herself to blame toward her, and
the young bees and rear a queen, and that it exists to perpetuate
the young lady visitor and the countess' eldest daughter (who was four
the young soldier at the execution. Pierre looked at the soldier and
the younger generation Pierre and Boris Drubetskoy--awaited the prince
the younger members of the company, and asked himself each time, "What
theater, its wheels squeaking over the snow. Natasha and Sonya,
theater, where he had been with his family and Denisov. He was at once
their Plymouth neighbor, also made excursions into common ownership and
their activities long before and had already observed the French
their acute onset and progress, and by the absence of other evidence of
their adoption the spirit of liberty and democracy. In 1847 over fifty
their affairs was vested in a board of commissioners created in 1869 and
their age, hunters, pioneers, and home seekers were preparing new
their approval.--So I lived for others, and not almost, but quite,
their arms and offering him a glass of water, but his trembling,
their arms and their sabers in the air.
their arms. With the precision and definiteness customary in
their artillery, and half their men, and fled, getting past the
their arts of hunting and bartering in fresh fields. In 1839 an
their backs lightly with some vaguely affectionate and comforting
their bivouacs to the hum of voices, and the army swayed and started
their bodies and with tails turned away from the center of the
their bows and trying to escape as quickly as from the glances fixed
their brains to find some thought and hastened to utter it. The old
their campfires. When they had descended to the bridge Petya and
their causing a dilatation of the vessels, and so inducing a hyperaemia
their caustic criticisms of the Federalist President and his policies.
their clothing trades and the manufacture of cotton bagging. Five
their customary course and do everything except what impedes the great
their daughter losing strength every day and thought that a change
their departure by the twenty-eighth of August and the carts that were
their devotion was unstinted and their sacrifices equal to the
their droves of slaves mingled with English, German, and Scotch-Irish
their faces was a quiet and solemn look.
their fate to be governed by mad kings. Their king was insane and they
their fortunes to the New World. Scholars came from Oxford and
their friendship, of his various meetings with him, and especially
their function. Dietetic and medicinal treatment must also be employed.
their growth they merely push aside and compress adjacent parts, and
their having existed from infancy, and, if necessary, by drawing off
their homes and go to Moscow and to get carts ready for tomorrow
their house, and how cynically Dolokhov had praised his wife's
their interpretation of the Bible, and, very soon after their arrival in
their lives. On behalf of nationalism and a perpetual union, the stanch
their lymph from the mouth, nose, throat, and ear.
their masters, had supper, fed the horses, and came out into the
their minds with still greater purity and clearness what they were
their motionless green and yellow foliage and white bark. "To die...
their mouths, and fanned it with the skirts of their greatcoats,
their multitude and the immensity of the power they constituted.
their muskets ready, and formed rank. The officers buttoned up their
their mutual affection, and parted smiling, the German returning to
their name and my own I hold out a brotherly hand to you."
their narration events occur solely by the will of a Napoleon, and
their narrow minds, American opinion was contemptible and American
their necks while they carried him and began wailing plaintively:
their noses, and new conditions of life will arise, which will seem
their number in killed, wounded, sick, and stragglers; though a number
their number, and who at the best if the flight continued would have
their occupations and recreations.
their old name and chose the simple title of the "Union party."
their organization and their methods of government, the trustees did not
their own accord and increased their pace. The near side horse,
their own accord, and the movement died down of itself just as it
their own expense in honor of Peter and Paul, his patron saints. In
their own old, quiet, and commonplace life," thought Natasha.
their own sweet wills, blazed the trail, opening paths and sending back
their positions and maintaining a hellish fire under which the
their posts and put an end to smuggling. In the revenue act of June 29,
their produce at high prices and thus discharge their debts with
their protests on record. Abigail, the ingenious and witty wife of John
their regiment, and addressing the company in general asked whether
their sabers and ate it, though they were ordered not to do so, as
their seats in the dining room, according to their rank and
their serried lines of homesteads to the Rockies and beyond.
their shops, and service was being held in the churches as usual.
their shoulders and checking the peasants, who were walking unevenly
their sticky green leaves were motionless, and lilac-colored flowers
their summits... There was peace and happiness... "I should wishing
their surmises and the rewards this or that general received; but
their tea talked of the price of corn, the crops, and the good weather
their things and was busy for whole days. The count and countess
their trade and set royal officers upon them to enforce the law. This
their turn for an audience showed embarrassment and servility; the
their very tails, and a watery light showed itself through the bare
their visits to the French theater and aroused to a patriotic
their wagons and cattle; and that they were seldom out of the sound of
their wives. Hundreds of skilled artisans--carpenters, smiths, and
their woman's way! I am glad to have her. Sit down and talk. About
them Boris, entered more deeply into Julie's melancholy, and with
them Pierre realized what contempt and animosity they all felt for the
them Prince Andrew was natural and pleasant. Others, the majority,
them a bit," said Marya Dmitrievna, touching her goddaughter and
them a joyous and glad sparkle. Prince Andrew had grown thinner,
them a three days' rest and then, on the sixteenth of September, to go
them all, and her too, and to give them all, and her too, peace and
them all,'" Tikhon concluded, looking cheerfully and resolutely into
them and grew more impatient the longer he waited. Lying on his bed
them and the English government supervised their local affairs, their
them appropriated several houses, chalked their names on them, and
them at the railway stations and special cars on the railway lines. In
them clothes, another boots, and a third bread. Pierre sobbed as he
them cut the crops and burn wood to their hearts' content. I don't
them dragging sheep, fowls, hay, and bulging sacks. At each ascent
them from the mouth, and also with pyogenic organisms. _The submental
them in the same words, about their health and her own, and the health
them into opposition to the British Crown and Parliament. Most of them
them into the river Marina and drowned some eighteen thousand in one
them less than anyone, and so you don't deserve to have them."
them lymph exudes and leucocytes migrate into the tissues. In from
them of the golden bridge, and they laughed at and slandered him,
them rest and leisure?" said Pierre, hurrying and lisping. "And I have
them self-government and control of their own affairs." The following
them so, and that they must stop this and the carts must be got
them the round-faced officer who had marched so gaily and
them to his empire and in a single reign would have extended Russia
them to the old order and dreaded with genuine horror all thought of
them up again, and themselves carried goods away with the help their
them were merchants and gentlemen who brought their stocks of goods or
them while avoiding battle with a much stronger enemy, and necessarily
them with particular moroseness and severity.
them!... Really now, in our own yard--we asked them in ourselves and
them, Andrew? Don't forget that she has grown up and been educated
them, and about three hundred men.
them, and for her in particular. He had promised to be at the ball and
them, and he asked where the old prince was and whether he was
them, and respectfully touching Pierre's elbow said something to him
them, and she doubts the means we have of gaining them. That is the
them, and that she was not afraid of him and no one else ought to
them, thought they were Austrians, and all at once discovered from the
them--her father, mother, and Sonya--were so near to her, so familiar,
them. "It seems to be all right," Pierre concluded, and followed
them. All were conscious of this unseen line, and the question whether
them. He repudiated socialism and the socialists, on both theoretical
them. I have already heard much of you in Petersburg and wanted to get
them. Not only were huge sums offered for the horses and carts, but on
them. Then he approached Lazarev (who rolled his eyes and persistently
them; and by a series of measures Congress put the entire man power of
themselves along the Vozdvizhenka, the Nikolski, and the Tverskoy
themselves and for us, if these young philosophers in red-heeled shoes
themselves and the church." Roads and bridges were built; millions were
themselves and the connection in which the historical persons stood to
themselves by the example of Krasnoe and of the Berezina. It is only
themselves into cooperative leagues and water-users' associations, took
themselves just as strangely, unexpectedly, and at the same time
themselves of Kutuzov's absence and of the fine weather. A short,
themselves of every convenient opportunity to detach themselves and to
themselves the least responsibility and vice versa.
themselves to come along and do the work. But the Arizonians, mindful of
themselves to hardships and dangers.
themselves to the extent of disobeying sentinels and officers, and
themselves), the officers on foot and at their proper posts. Boris had
themselves, and in this way the natural cure of certain diseases is
themselves, and pushed on to Smolensk as to a promised land.
themselves, and show that the new force they have devised does not
themselves, spent their days wielding the pick and shovel, and their
themselves, stifle this remorse and grow callous, as a result of being
themselves, their situation, and the person for whom they were
themselves, toward him, though, between you and me, he always seemed
themselves: they formed into detachments and began firing.
then "Hurrah!"... Then the general march, and again "Hurrah!
then another, and the sound of hundreds of seemingly merry French
then another, sprang helter-skelter from the wood opposite and the
then as soon as all is over," and Prince Vasili sighed to intimate
then at another, and their faces for the most part only expressed
then back again, re-entering, he by the front and she by the back
then back, and between the two rows, which separated, the Emperor
then for heaven's sake let me again have captivity and horseflesh!
then forms between the lips of the wound in the vessel wall and projects
then he did everything so simply and with such assurance!)
then looked inquiringly at Pierre and, as if Pierre's look had told
then the Constitution disappears and Congress is supreme. Since,
then the aide-de-camp who had opened the ball, and several other young
then the consequences of my action are still plainer to me and I
then they both paused while the orchestra played and the man
then women's. The voices grew in harmonious triumphant strength, and
then, and "Uncle's" red borzoi, straining and curving its back, caught
then, if it must be!" and she slammed the casement.
then, make haste and let me have this card and I'll take my cap and
then. The time for Prince Andrew's return and marriage was
theoreticians and practical men where necessary, would himself lead
theory by a huge experiment and proving its soundness to the whole
theory can always say that such and such a person took the lead
theory. Both were talking and listening too eagerly and too naturally,
theory. He muttered something to himself abruptly and in a bass voice,
ther and myself. I then hurried forward, and found him standing by the pool. He appeared to be much surprised at seeing me and asked me rather roughly what I was doing there. A conversation ensued which led to high words and almost to blows, for my father was a man of a very violent temper. Seeing that his passion was becoming ungovernable, I left him and returned towards Hatherley Farm. I had not gone more than 150 yards, however, when I heard a hideous outcry behind me, which caused me to run back again. I found my father expiring upon the ground, with his head terribly injured. I dropped my gun and held him in my arms, but he almost instantly expired. I knelt beside him for some minutes, and then made my way to Mr. Turner's lodge-keeper, his house being the nearest, to ask for assistance. I saw no one near my father when I returned, and I have no idea how he came by his injuries. He was not a popular man, being somewhat cold and forbidding in his manners, but he had, as far as I know, no active enemies. I

there are and can be no answers. Equally little does this view explain
there are fewer, and of still-higher officers of whom there are
there are good men as well as bad," said he, and still speaking, he
there are reasons for this and that I could not have exiled the
there develop a series of small, hard, round nodules in the skin and
there he had quite lost his head, and that it was probable that he had
there is Spain, where there are also many churches and monasteries."
there is a double bed. He lay down on the edge of it and I burned with
there is a small chiffonier and a dressing table. You know how dear
there is an abnormal communication between an artery and a
there is an effusion into the joint, especially the knee or elbow; and
there is considerable pain, and the discharge is purulent and often
there is impairment of mobility which affects the thumb, and to a less
there is little risk of thrombosis or secondary haemorrhage; and even if
there is more tendency for the disease to relapse and to invade the
there is no more sorrow or sighing, but eternal joy and bliss.
there is no pitting on pressure, and the swelling does not disappear on
there is nothing to wait for; and what is not ready I'll send after
there is paralysis of the coraco-brachialis, biceps, and part of the
there is subcutaneous ecchymosis, and the accumulation of blood may
there one that creaks or makes more noise than it should, and
there seemed to him something pathetic and touching in all this.
there sprang up, as if by magic, committees and societies pledged to
there was a possibility that war and the occupation of Venezuelan
there was an order not to move, and that they would unharness the
there was music... and suddenly I felt so depressed..."
there was not a gray hair in his beard or on his head, and his whole
there was nothing but love and an entreaty for forgiveness.
there was now a judge of his every word and action whose judgment
there was the same furniture, the same walls, sounds, and smell, and
there were soldiers everywhere, all with expression and busy with some
there were still the count's games of whist and boston, at which-
there were the foul air and the dust.
there would be no contradicting, and her plans would be spoiled; and
there, and stood still in terror. But an irresistible impulse drew her
there, and that Circassian was Sonya, and that Sonya was certainly his
there, as the result of innumerable and varying forces, did people
there," and he pointed to the village in front of them with the
there. From time to time he heard a soft rustle and at times a sigh.
thereby aggravate and perpetuate the tuberculous disease. This
thereby torn across. The cyst is usually situated between the skin and
therefore you seek wisdom and virtue. Is that not so?" said the
therefore, to his benevolent intentions and come to us without fear.
thereof a stable and independent government of their own." To the form
thermogene wool, and the knee is flexed over a pillow; in some cases
these away. Put this on the seat and this to the right."
these bulbous swellings may attain an abnormal size, and are then known
these cases, and is best employed by packing the wound with iodoform
these circumstances has an influence on him and controls at least some
these differ from the type; and that we may in addition recognise the
these difficult circumstances, and that in all the world he alone
these ends it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it and
these events, and not only shall we have no need to see exceptional
these exclamations, and dimly made out something leaning against the
these experiments and arguments. Having learned from experiment and
these gigantic men and horses) had it not occurred to Rostov to
these good gifts? Are you content with yourself and with your life?"
these historians also see and admit historical events which are
these jesting remarks he rose, taking Pierre by the arm, and drew
these ladies and all these civilities!" said he aloud in Sonya's
these may be added, interference with function in the inflamed part, and
these means by an act worthy of himself and of the French army, he let
these men only brothers, and burned with impatience to set to work
these people were placed, and more free to one who does not know
these people, from a courtier's point of view (and in an Emperor's
these pictures presented themselves to her so clearly and in such
these questions and only answered them in order to get rid of these
these tastes, and he was incapable of considering what the
these three had been leaders of men. All had grown old and gray in
they advocated more paper notes--greenbacks--and then they turned to
they again became disorganized, many were drowned and many
they all had training and experience to guide them.
they all regarded him as an outlaw and a brigand. Then Louis XVIII,
they all seemed attentive to what was happening on the stage, and
they are circumscribed and free from complications. It has been
they are commonest on the sole of the foot and other parts subjected to
they are covered with a white sodden epidermis, and furnish a scanty but
they are dusted with a powder consisting of equal parts of calomel and
they are incompetent and fail to support the column of blood which bears
they are less circumscribed and are difficult of access. In cancers
they are to cross last and to fire the bridge as I ordered; and the
they are very clear and certain. I write all this to you, dear friend,
they asked him a few questions about the army and the battle, and then
they avoided looking at the young couple, and heedless and unobservant
they broke open jails and carried fugitives off to Canada.
they brought him news that Murat had been taken prisoner, and the
they came included Adams, Fairfield, Hamilton, Jefferson, Trumbull, and
they carried their enthusiastic converts bag and baggage in long trains
they could not possibly be, and so did not deliver the order.
they cursed the day before and will curse again a month later.
they desire to serve, not sparing their lives, and it is not any
they did catch me they'd string me up to an aspen tree, and with all
they enjoyed in British markets and under the protection of the British
they feel themselves quite innocent, and since that day when he was
they fell off their horses. Some of the horses were drowned and some
they floated their wheat, corn, and bacon to ocean-going ships bound for
they gave that the story about Sergey Kuzmich, the laughter, and the
they grow very slowly, and are almost always innocent, although
they had a majority, and in this they were vigorously supported by the
they had been trying first one remedy and then another. Worn out by
they had nowhere to hurry to and were all surprised at something
they heal and then break out again; sometimes the skin becomes infected,
they held their ground until they were completely surrounded and cut off
they hoped to find many domestic serfs and pretty girls, they
they insisted in season and out that reformers who desired to rid the
they kissed and rubbed her bump, assuring her that it would soon
they last met and both were in a hurry to show the changes that had
they may twist and shape into any form they please. It should be
they might be who were to blame for the false and ridiculous
they owe of respect to the dead and buried history--the dead and buried
they present no tendency to ulcerate and bleed unless the overlying skin
they pushed it through Congress. So Texas, amid the groans of Boston and
they respected and even feared him.
they rose with their prosperity in the social and political scale. It
they saw in him only No. 17 of the captured Russians, arrested and
they seem to-day, had a profound influence on colonial life and on the
they should be trying to entertain her and pretending to admire her
they stop it?" said Prince Andrew sarcastically. "Well, and how's
they surrendered, Dolokhov dismounted and went up to Petya, who lay
they survive boiling for five minutes, and must be subjected to dry heat
they tend to spread upwards towards the abdomen, and, to a less extent,
they think that this maneuver was calculated to save Russia and
they tilled and looking to the sun in heaven and the labor of their
they urged their countrymen to forget their partisanship and accept a
they walked about and talked, attached themselves to someone
they wanted and had sense enough to let their more erudite colleagues
they went out. Only young Nicholas and his tutor remained. Dessalles
they were both Frenchmen. With a frightened and suffering look
they were by half the world, and so he had to repudiate truth,
they were doing and might have thrown up everything and run away
they were ill at ease and Prince Andrew felt that he was a visitor for
they were on the headwaters of the Ohio and in possession of a flatboat,
they were right, as were those too who canonized him and died a
they were the cause of the firing and shouting. But the firing and
they whispered to one another, and the old servant who was holding the
they would all have to go begging. The count was so weak, and
they would cross it or not, and how they would cross it,
they would have been made public," he said with warmth and haste. "I
they would have done she felt bound to say and do. She went into
they'll say so again and again, and that will be the end of it. My
they), and he heard those people, Anatole and Dolokhov, shouting and
thick and curved, and the ends of the fingers become club-shaped. Skin
thick felt boots, and a voice that seemed familiar to Princess Mary
thick shoulders, and chest and stomach involuntarily protruding, had
thick, bushy eyebrows. Prince Andrew went up and kissed his father
thick-set general with grizzled eyebrows and whiskers, and wider
thickened and its bright green stood out sharply against the
thickening of the bone affected, both on the surface and in the
thickening of the periosteum, oedema, pain, and tenderness on pressure
thickening of the wall may take place in a uniform and concentric
thickens, and as the granulation tissue is slowly replaced by young
thickens, and eventually forming the smooth, non-vascular covering of
thicker, and wider, and gives rise to a visible swelling, best seen at
thickly and with a faraway look in his shining eyes, he told the whole
thickly overgrown with bushes and were firing at the Cossacks who
thickness it assumes a bluish hue and eventually the cells become
thickness. The fat disappears and is replaced by a mucoid effusion
thigh, is soft and prominent when the muscle is relaxed, less prominent
thighs of his short legs, and Hessian boots. His short hair had
thin piece of lint or gauze is applied over the inflamed part and kept
thin, and pathological fracture may result. The bone becomes expanded,
thin, the other dark, shaggy, and sinewy, with a flat nose. The
thing I beg of you, consider me your friend and if you want help,
thing and therefore cannot be defined. Those words only denote a
thing and yet was unable to accomplish all that she considered
thing as before, yet when under the same conditions and with the
thing is that the Emperor is here. How he looked at me and wished to
thing is to have an armed frontier and a firm policy, and he will
thing, has no one to help her, and they do cheat her so!"
thing. After the destruction of Moscow and of his property, thrown out
thing; of the press and political activity, for another. Merchants and
things had been predestined from eternity, and that therefore he ought
things of him, listened to him, admired, and imitated him, and with
things were left behind. Cases full of china, bronzes, pictures, and
things worked together to evoke an opposition that was sharp and
things, but Austria never has wished, and does not wish, for war.
things," and the skin over his left temple puckered, "either you
think about it, that Kutuzov and others were there for that purpose,
think and express his thoughts like that when awake.
think it over, and come back in an hour and tell me in his presence:
thinking of anything, but looked absent-mindedly and cheerfully from
thinking, just as he can't help plowing and mowing; if he didn't, he
thinking, mechanically broke the seal and read a love letter from
thinking--and the pretext for that was a game of patience. When she
thinking. I go to bed after two in the morning, thoughts come and I
thinned and gives way, resulting in the formation of a sinus.
third and a fourth; and they all blended into one and again became
third and final note of July 21, 1915, President Wilson made it clear to
third day there, when preparing to go to Kiev, he fell ill and was
third report shook the air, then a fourth and a fifth boomed
third; and the vicomte was served up to the company in the choicest
thirteen and fourteen do who are wearing long dresses for the first
thirteen in your family and all the property... They've brought us
thirty dogs and twenty horsemen.
thirty, and is comparatively common in children. Males suffer oftener
thirty," said he, looking at Shinshin and the count with a joyful,
thirty-five feet long and seven feet high, moved forward along the
thirty-five hours and beat him; but he would not hold out even for
thirty-five years, and been fourteen years a resident within the United
thirty-two states. The United States, Great Britain, France, Italy, and
this agitating conversation, and added: "I sent for you to keep you
this and even more. Trying to stimulate his emotions he looked around.
this battery when two balls, and then four more, fell among our
this boy during that conversation, and remembering all he had said
this confusion, division, and the unpopularity of the foreign
this continent and its fiat is law upon the subjects to which it
this country and do not care what becomes of it.
this did duty for bedsteads and couches. The roof was so constructed
this document he proposed that existing treaty ports and vested
this feeling from others and even from herself, the stronger it
this fire which burned ever more brightly and which he felt was
this group, chronic inflammation and repair are practically
this habitual ease and animation some new, sinister, hidden feeling
this heart, so kind and generous? Say 'perhaps'... The future is so
this holiday time. "Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved!
this holiday: everywhere were blackened ruins, and the few Russians to
this house and in Brunn itself. I want to entertain him as far as I
this indecision appeared to him majestic and enchanting, like
this is confined to the synovial and peri-synovial tissues--_acute
this is impracticable, a ligature is applied above and below the
this is in turn aspirated, and then 1 or 2 c.c. of the solution injected
this kind, and though in his lucid moments he knew it was untrue, he
this law, there was passed and submitted to the states the fourteenth
this letter, he launched his expedition, and in the spring of 1818 was
this loving despot--the more cruel because he loved her and for that
this man,' he says, 'is being tortured innocently and for nothing! I,'
this mighty exploit, which began in the spring of 1804 and ended in the
this moment Pierre was supported in his design and prevented from
this most noble, most excellent, and truly divine constitution." The
this movement Governor La Follette of Wisconsin took the lead and his
this object would produce arguments more or less forcible and correct.
this obvious falsehood, and that Balashev still stood silently
this occurs and I talk of genius.
this polyglot talk and to these surmises, plans, refutations, and
this question. All the contradictions and obscurities of history and
this reception produced, Davout raised his head and coldly asked
this red borzoi. Natasha saw and felt the agitation the two elderly
this result, certain of them functionate more actively and for a longer
this scrap of earth, but have lived and shall live forever, there,
this spot" (he stooped and pointed to the sloping ledge outside the
this territory from east to west and from north to south; of how,
this to his daughter, but Natasha noticed her father's nervousness and
this type of taxation and dwelt upon it at length in his message to
this vortex of intrigue, egotism, conflict of views and feelings,
this whispering and feeling the sensation of this drawing out and
this world-wide conflict, commerce had been "united with and made to
this, and a foreboding that Moscow would be taken, was present in
this, they should be painted with cocaine and then cauterised. When the
this--and suddenly Princess Mary will tell her, and she will be sure
this. Drooping in spirit and closing their eyes before the menacing
this; he was entirely absorbed in what lay before him, and was
thither, sat, stood, met, and separated, some in uniform and some in
thoracic duct, the pleura, or the junction of the subclavian and
thorough-going democracy and I wished to make the democracy industrial
those Penza and Nizhegorod estates and had apportioned the use of
those big people I write a note: 'Princess So-and-So desires an
those blasphemous words," he went on, with a somber and scornful
those countries would consume and what manufactures they had to offer to
those dead had been lying there for nearly a month, and says the
those dearest to me--yet dreadful and unnatural as it seems, I would
those efforts were redoubled, and with lengthening years told upon the
those from Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and Virginia that new powers
those gentlemen, messieurs les marechaux,* Murat, Lannes,and Belliard,
those he sought, he stopped and looked about him.
those human wills, man's mind postulates arbitrary and disconnected
those meetings, and how sedulously and promptly all that related to
those nearest and dearest to us. He forgot that what he was saying
those of a man living in solitude and seclusion.
those of a much older man who has lived a regular and abstemious life.
those of his regiment, to Timokhin and the like--people quite new to
those of other labor groups before them had failed; and the rank and
those of shock; and it is treated on the same lines.
those of the face and of the cranial vault, are also exempt. The
those of tubercle, syphilis, and other forms of infective granuloma.
those originally infected, and more and more tuberculous granulation
those recently arrived from Russia, both Guards and regiments of the
those resulting from heat. Electricity and the Rontgen rays also produce
those soldiers--ill-shod, insufficiently clad, and half starved--who
those strongest of all influences: the intrigues, flattery, and
those that are lost and making it possible for the graft to become
those threads but rather thicker. He and Pierre were borne along
those three weeks of their journey and life at Yaroslavl.
those which give rise to secondary growths in the marrow of bones and
those who follow certain occupations, such as paraffin workers and
those who had come with Napoleon and about the uniforms they wore, and
those who work amongst wool, fur, and rags, and a form of acute
those women... If you only knew what those society women are, and
those words and understood the meaning of the rebuke and despair in
those words, and so it was.
though each retained its own peculiarities and made concessions to the
though he is a rake and all that, still I like him; so you see I do
though he wrote in French and used French jests and French idioms,
though his features now expressed horror and fear. All were still.
though no one ever spoke of it, and they all made every possible
though there is and can be no beginning to any event, for one event
though there were but a given amount of animation between them and
though they may not be noticeably enlarged, and in some cases--in cancer
thought Pierre, "and how little attention we pay to it!"
thought Prince Andrew, and striking his horse he rode up to Kutuzov.
thought Rostov driving his spurs into Rook and letting him go at a
thought Rostov, "that the Emperor will meet me and give me an order as
thought a moment, and, evidently understanding what Rostov hinted
thought about it. She read this in Tikhon's face and in that of Prince
thought and spirit of the land. The appearance, during the struggle with
thought had occurred to him and so it belonged to her also. And he
thought he detected sympathy and a desire to conceal that sympathy.
thought he had guessed them, and inquiringly repeated: "Mary, are
thought he was being pushed and that they were all hurrying when
thought he, "I shall be sent with a brigade or division, and there,
thought he, and dismounted slowly among the guns. He delivered the
thought he. And he turned round and galloped back to the place where
thought how he would impress Boris and all his comrades of the
thought impossible for him. He looked at Natasha as she sang, and
thought nothing but satisfying his passions and would not advance from
thought of Lazarev rewarded and Denisov punished and unpardoned. He
thought of his friend and how much he expected of him in the future.
thought of the humiliation of arrogant Austria and that in a week's
thought of the separation awaiting her and drawing near had not
thought of whom now the blood rushed to his heart and he felt a
thought out that plan long ago and now expounded it not so much to
thought that Rugay, the red hound, was like Uncle, and that if he were
thought that perhaps she might someday be my wife and that I may be
thought the princess, turning away and continuing to read. But Julie
thought them "useless" and "calculated to create unnecessary discontents
thought they knew better than I did, and now you come to me! How
thought with vexation that she was herself being judged and was
thought, "but yet my best years are slipping by and are no good to
thought, and with the gentle, patronizing intonation natural to a
thought, and, having deduced the refutation he needed, would again
thought, expecting every moment to meet the monarch, and conscious
thought, felt, and seen so much (having traveled both in the east
thought, he called Tikhon and began to undress.
thought, looking at Savelich's old face, "and what a pleasant smile he
thought, recalling that she had been here the Sunday before, "and
thought, science, poetry, music, love, friendship, hatred, and
thought--to be worthy of their Emperor--and but one fear--to fail to
thought. "Yes, I will approach... and then suddenly... with pistol
thought. Having wept, talked, and wiped away their tears, the two
thought. She opened the door and the bright daylight in that
thoughtful eyes full of tears and of thoughts, gazing shiningly and
thoughts and felt their feelings. What they would have said and what
thoughts away with disgust. Toward morning he became quiet and she
thoughts before going to her father. The doctor came downstairs and
thoughts came to him in bed. So he called Tikhon and went through
thoughts rather than the trend of the conversation--"and that's a
thoughts, and memories suddenly arose within him that he could not
threads that moved them began to slacken and become entangled and it
threatened the very existence of the young government. Washington and
threatened to cause a rupture between father and son.
threatened to strike him, and on being led out had rushed into the
threatened with "condign punishment the authors, perpetrators, and
threats and intimidation curtailed the sale of British goods and the use
three Presidents elected in this period, Grant, Hayes, and Garfield, had
three and then four more appeared and then from each, with the same
three foam-flecked horses, shouted "Coming!" and Konovnitsyn rushed
three prosperous centers of traffic: Dubuque, Davenport, and Burlington.
three were Roman Catholics and had the Pope's indulgence for doing
three-quarters of a million three years later; and passing the million
threshold and asked in Russian whether Drubetskoy lived there.
thrill diminish and the pressure effects become less marked. When the
thrill in the hearts of Nicholas and Natasha, arousing in them the
throat in some cases of scarlet fever, and may give rise to fatal
throat), leaped with a movement of her hind legs out of the gully, and
throats and wiping the hoarfrost from their faces in the vestibule,
thrombosis is essentially a reparative process, and has already been
thrombosis, and similar changes are found in the veins. The condition is
thrombus in its lumen becomes infected with pyogenic bacteria and
thrombus to spread upwards and to involve the deep veins. Thrombi
thrones and aristocracies, breaking the armies of irresponsible power on
thronged together and were pushed off the road. The convoy formed up.
thronging and hurrying, blocked the street.
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
through a small hole in the centre. The process slowly and gradually
through an incision at the fold of the buttock, and forcibly pull upon
through dinner and looked about, blinking and scowling, or, with fixed
through him, and again laughed his frigid laugh.
through his general, he could and would intercede with the Emperor
through privation, and through what he recognized in Karataev.
through tears of joy, and he embraced his wife who was glad to hide
through the South and the West the war was popular. New England
through the cannula and expands into an umbrella shape.
through the country. The German papers in America and a few American
through the crowd, went out of the drawing room and reappeared a
through the deep dust that rose to the very hubs of the wheels, and
through the door on tiptoe. He could not walk well on tiptoe and his
through the door. That door opened and Natasha came out, looking
through the hour glass before the Whig party was to be broken and
through the naive and intelligent count and played with him as with
through the pioneer epoch and into the age of great finance. Before he
through the profunda is sufficient to maintain the vascular supply, and
through the ranks, and above all being unable to see anything in front
through the rooms as quickly as possible, finish with the bows and
through the skin of a tuberculous abscess. The base is soft, pale, and
through the wood and lay down." (He suddenly lay down on his stomach
through the wood, met Tuchkov there barring his way, and could not and
through thick and thin, the planters became a power in the federal
through which Napoleon rode, horses and men were lying in pools of
through, and realized that he could not stop halfway. He was aghast at
throughout Europe a popular uprising in behalf of republics and
throughout all the organs and fluids of the body.
throughout an army one and the same temper, known as "the spirit of
throughout the West Indies and in the Philippine Islands. That course
throughout the earth, challenging kings and potentates, shaking down
throughout the naevoid tissue and so obliterates the vessels.
throughout the whole extent of the muscle, disintegrating its fibres and
throw snowballs and stones. Then the exasperated soldiers fired into the
throwing down the wax, the seal, and the paper, with his accustomed
throwing off of a superficial sequestrum. The edges and deep surface of
thrown into relief by the wasting of the muscles above and below the
thrusting his fingers into his belt and smiling a little, walked to
thunder waken..." All rose and cried "Hurrah!" Bagration also rose and
thunderstorm. Sonya and Natasha, in the light-blue dresses they had
thunderstorms and earthquakes which have shaken the pillars of society
thus complete, and uniformity of faith and life prescribed by law and
thus obliterating the joint, cavity, and resulting in fibrous or bony
thyreoid, and lower part of the pharynx, and pour their lymph into the
thyreoid, prostate, and urinary bladder.
tibia, the swelling becomes softer, and gives evidence of fluctuation.
tied and cut short, and a dressing is applied. A week later the threads
tied round the waist with a rope. He had a nightcap on his head and
ties those of commerce and intercourse. The revenue measure of 1792 bore
tight--and often thinking they were escaping ran right into the
tightened their saddle girths, and formed companies. Denisov stood
tighter and tighter. The Frenchman was about to say something, when
tightly stretched over them. It is more frequent in the negro and in
till he got used to it were his inertia and a wrinkle on his brow
till he lay across the bed with his head lower than the pillow, and
till my legs fail, and I'll lie down and die somewhere, and shall at
till pus escapes along its groove, and then the track is widened by
till she was twenty, and arranged her life so that her whole time
till teatime she would prepare the countess, and after tea, with God's
till then, had listened with an amused smile to their conversation and
till then. Their powers of reasoning, feeling, and observing
till there is no sulcus between the nail edge and the pulp of the finger
till they were ready to drop, and so said the grown-up young men and
tilled in part by tenant labor and in part by migratory seasonal labor,
tilt hammer, and no furnace for making steel" should be built in the
timber, and other resources were brought into use. In the West the free
time Prince Nesvitski tried to move on, soldiers and carts pushed
time a separation of church and state and freedom of opinion.
time acquire a myelin sheath; the cells of the neurolemma multiply and
time and effort, and yet during his whole reign never once attempted
time and knew that the chief way to make them obey is to show no
time and then at last dragged her off, and behind the scenes something
time both of the events and of the person who commands, and (2) the
time did not notice the killed and wounded, though many fell near him.
time during the whole campaign, and left the broken ranks of the
time for attending to trifles, went past Natasha and Petya who were
time for three days, and not one of them knew or imagined what was
time had not deceived her--that that state of freedom and readiness
time he might, perhaps, see and take part in the first Russian
time he obtained the tranquillity and ease of mind he had formerly
time he touched his forehead. His face wore a calm look of piety and
time lengthened and tortuous. Two types are met with: one in which
time of invasion, war, and rebellion. In all the provinces, except
time quite closely, with all its wrinkles and details, when she
time reading. The books he read were chiefly historical, and on
time that these hints began to make the countess anxious and she
time these became heavy and grave. While industries were small and
time to get on," he added, and, stepping off the raft, he looked up at
time to the song and looking at those driving past as if he pitied all
time to time ordain and establish. The judges, both of the Supreme and
time to time, with fever and aggravation of the local symptoms and
time to win fame as the historian of the _Decline and Fall of the Roman
time, "he has somehow grown so clean, smooth, and fresh--as if he
time, Alpatych got down and turned into the side street to look at the
time, and an infinite series of causes.
time, and free from dependence on cause.
time, and his power only the resultant of various forces, and then his
time, and no one can gauge the force of this or that detachment.
time, and nothing can be done now!" he replied to someone else.
time, at its annual conventions, it endorsed political and social
time, we were fighting for Russian soil, and that there was a spirit
time; and he had made England the first country in the world."
times and the same notes were thrummed again, but the listeners did
times his head dropped low as if it were falling and he dozed off.
times its natural size, is normal in appearance and consistence, and as
times that try men's souls," he opened. "The summer soldier and the
times, and so it is to our own day. All Napoleon's wars serve to
times, secured a huge grant of territory and sought profits in quit
timidity, and pity that immediately overcame him. Princess Mary,
timidly in one slippered and one booted foot, he advanced, while
timidly opened the door which moved noiselessly and easily. She paused
timidly when all this happened before," thought Natasha, "and in
tinge of the inflamed mucous membrane and a thin film of shed epithelium
tingling and loss of feeling, or a peculiar sensation as if walking on
tingling, and finally by complete loss of sensation. The part attacked
tiny settlements at Jamestown and Plymouth, America, by virtue of its
tips of the fingers disappear from progressive ulceration, and in the
tiptoe and kissed the hand which lay under his head. Nicholas turned
tired footmen and cooks were getting the supper, Count Bezukhov had
tired out and already dressed in shawl and bonnet for her journey, was
tissue and a persistent solid oedema results, culminating in one form of
tissue and bring about repair--a fibrous cicatrix remaining to mark the
tissue elements of the part affected, and by involving these in the
tissue in the wall of a vein, the contraction and retraction of its
tissue is formed. Finally the tuberculous tissue breaks down and
tissue is liable to break down and lead to the formation of a cold
tissue may be considerable and result in unsightly deformity. The entire
tissue may undergo caseation and liquefaction, or may become
tissue may undergo cicatrisation. More commonly suppuration ensues, and
tissue of dusky or livid nodules of induration, which soften and
tissue proliferate, and a few new muscle fibres may be developed, but
tissue resembling bone but deficient in lime salts, and the _petrifying
tissue separates slowly and gradually, and in untreated cases may be
tissue with its usual complements of phagocytes and osteoclasts, so that
tissue, and is readily identified in a radiogram. This type of sclerosis
tissue, and it may result from a number of causes, acting independently
tissue, hyaline cartilage and bone, the necessary nutriment being
tissue, the nerve must be exposed and freed from its surroundings
tissue, the reparative process goes on slowly, and it may be many weeks
tissue. The nerve fibres are chiefly of the medullated type, and they
tissue. Whether the inner and middle coats are ruptured or not, blood
tissue_ are met with chiefly in the tongue, nose, throat, larynx, and
tissues is always more extensive than appears on the surface, and that
tissues such as muscle, and in such organs as the mamma. The pigmented
tissues, and the extreme difficulty of securing and maintaining asepsis,
tissues, and their function seems to be to soften such substances
tissues, and their presence is indicated by emphysematous crackling when
tissues, even when the greatest care is exercised as to dosage and
tissues, so that fasciae, tendons, nerves, and other structures may be
tissues, whereby it becomes fixed to these and to the skin.
tissues. The bursae and tendon sheaths in the vicinity may influence the
title he has given himself, and his ideal of grandeur and glory, which
title, _Public Occurrences Both Foreign and Domestic_, and it had not
to "Long-coat" which settled him. Bennigsen suddenly reddened and
to "refill my pipe for that one!" and then, scattering sparks from it,
to "revise and amend" the existing scheme of government, not to make a
to 101 o or 102 o F. and the patient loses flesh. The lymph glands,
to Auersperg with feigned astonishment (he is a true Gascon) and says:
to Bald Hills, and the recent news of his father's death--and had
to British policy, hitherto local and spasmodic, now took on a national
to Buckle, despite their seeming disagreements and the apparent
to Europe for trade, refinements, and sometimes their ideas of
to France, and Secretary of State, he had aided the Federalists in
to Helene's her shoulders looked thin and her bosom undeveloped. But
to Italy, his opponents' reluctance to fight, and his own childish
to Mary and to all other women, and that now, especially after
to Moscow and of his Petersburg reminiscences.
to Otradnoe and showed him his last letter.
to Otradnoe... and wait there."
to Paris and have remained Russian. Well, I don't esteem you the
to Pierre as if to see the action of the farthest gun and looked at
to Pierre to constitute perfect happiness; and the choice of
to Pierre, and he gazed with his eyes fixed on the red reflection of
to Prince Vasili and answering his imploring look. "Yes, or no?"
to Rome," so all roads lead to Moscow: there were many roads, and
to Rustchuk, but I only employed these two things and took more
to Santa Fe, to Oregon, and to California. They were upon the scene when
to Siberia, many died of cold and hunger on the road, many returned of
to Speranski's opinions entirely. Everything was right and
to Valley Forge for the winter of 1777-78. New York City and
to Washington and brought his personal influence to bear in favor of
to a close the long and costly French and Indian War and was staggering
to a column that should have been far in front and in ambush long
to a corner of the room and threw himself on a sofa with his face to
to a finger, especially in women and children. Thrombosis occurs in the
to a new generation and a leader of a new type recalling, if comparisons
to a rapid and wide spread of the process. The skin becomes moist and
to a warmer room, are then permissible, and stimulants and warm drinks
to all this, rose and approached the princess. He seemed unable to
to and fro for seven long, hot days, and taking forty-six ballots, the
to and fro, and dispatching of adjutants--was confined to the
to announce him, but, changing his mind, came back and stooped to kiss
to another channel and express his own deeply felt idea for the sake
to another it is liberty, equality, and a certain kind of civilization
to another who wished to get away. With his head bent, and his big
to answer it justly, and justice clashed not only with his feelings
to any portion of this hemisphere as dangerous to our peace and safety."
to anybody and not be anyone's lackey, but I who have nothing but my
to apply ligatures securely and at once. Deep wounds in this region
to arrange for departure of the prince, the princess, his son, and the
to ask the countess and you to do me the honor of coming to tea and to
to assume the moderate role themselves. They put aside Mr. Bryan and
to attend to the estate, and would be in better spirits and temper,
to authorize the construction of a line and to grant land and money in
to avoid her look. She felt strange and awkward.
to avoid seeing her unpleasantly irritated and irresolute face, and
to avoid thinking about his wife, and about Natasha and Prince Andrew;
to be among the foremost statesmen and thinkers in America. Every field
to be angry and swore at the French with the funniest curses. The only
to be deplored, was not comparable to "a supine submission to wrong and
to be enforced whenever necessary by a national judiciary and executive
to be exchanged at Santa Fe for furs, Indian blankets, silver, and
to be found, especially around young sovereigns, and of whom there
to be kissed, and again Prince Andrew noticed tears in the old man's
to be mighty figures in American history: Henry Clay of Kentucky and
to be of any use and only in time to be fired at. Toll, who in this
to be preferred, and is performed in the same way as for naevus. The
to be rising high, high overhead, and then it seemed to sink so low
to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.
to be to unload the muskets, muskets, explode the ammunition, and
to be unlearned, and others have but little bearing on the problems
to bearing with his father's peculiarities, and partly because he
to become citizens, between the ages of twenty and forty-five
to behold the Constitution exalted and defended against the pretensions
to believe, the exhausted, wavering men felt comforted and inspirited.
to bind himself and prizes his freedom which he needs for so many
to blame, with his dimple and blue eyes? And how frightened he was! He
to bring her out of her neutrality and draw her into the war; how part
to burn and placed an iron pot on it into which they broke some
to cancer of the breast; and in extensive tuberculous disease of the
to come from their Ryazan and Moscow estates to remove their household
to conceal her delight. "She is so kind and Mamma is so fond of her!"
to concentrate all the artillery in the center, and secondly, to
to conserve its heat, and elevated to such an extent as to promote the
to consider them to be anything but like other men, and we shall not
to cross the ditch on foot. The Emperor, wishing to rest and feeling
to cry or to laugh. Prince Andrew shrugged his shoulders and
to cry. The Tsar called the colonel of the regiment and said a few
to cut them off, and capture them all?
to death two officers and two hundred and fifty-eight members of the
to death, many suffered imprisonment, and two died in jail.
to declare an act of Congress null and void when in their opinion it
to depress the tissues, and so interfere with protective phagocytosis.
to devote to his service, and chair a canon* we are ready to make of
to dinner," evidently displeased both reader and audience. The
to do the best he could, he thought out everything, and that is why he
to do what was clearly, distinctly, and definitely ordered--and all
to do? Harness, but how can I harness everything?" and Pierre felt
to dominate every department of surgery, and it is from the standpoint
to dumfound people and impel them to insane self-oblivion. He called
to eight days the swelling subsides and the joint returns to normal. A
to enter a man's house and search his papers and premises, was too much
to erect in his own garden to his memory, and he told everybody that
to escape it all, and felt that Dolokhov knew that he could save him
to escape, and healing speedily takes place.
to every other evening party with its talk, tea, and lighted candles.
to exclude scurvy and purpura. Repeated haemorrhages into a joint may
to facilitate the application of forceps and ligatures.
to fall for a whole day or a whole month, or go on falling and never
to feel uncomfortable: as envoy he feared to demean his dignity and
to fetch and another had hastily covered with a rug. An immense and
to fetch something that had been forgotten, and even after that he
to fifty tons were built at the towns along the rivers and piloted down
to find arguments for and against proposals that Europe should make
to flight; may they be ensnared when they know it not, and may the
to forestall him, threw off his fur coat and ran on tiptoe through the
to fracture, and being chiefly met with in adolescents, it is regarded
to furnish rough timbers for railways and mines, ended in specialized
to get him a peasant's coat and a pistol, confiding to him his
to get out of Moscow, minutely explained to him his whole policy and
to get ready to dance in the large hall, and the sound of the feet and
to give the signal to fire the mines and blow up the bridge, this
to give you the love you do not feel, and your prayer would have
to go and find out where Dolokhov was and whether he would come that
to go there anyhow and I have already spoken to him about you. We
to gossip in drawing rooms of the Club, from gossip to carousals and
to grow when the skeleton is mature and has no tendency to change its
to haemorrhages, and therefore also to pigmentation, and to the formation
to happen and my heart tells me it will."
to happen? Everyone has left Moscow and the people are rioting. How is
to have been broken into, wished to force their way in too and a fight
to have grown thicker round Sonya and Natasha as the air does before a
to have something to say in her salon, and secretaries of the embassy,
to head off the wolf, and the borzois passed it, running faster still.
to hear it and anxious to afford relief, if warrant can be found for it.
to hear the words she had uttered and to see before him her eyes,
to her breast, and then pushed him back and gazed at his ruddy,
to her son, asking him to take it to its destination and make use of
to her surprise found her still dressed and asleep on the sofa. Open
to her that everybody knew about her disappointment and was laughing
to her that things must be so, and yet it was dreadfully sad.
to her the time when she was not like that and when everything was
to her to ask whether a cart was sufficiently loaded, and whether it
to him a horse dealer in the town and a landowner fourteen miles out
to him about it. Pierre felt that she right, and to avoid compromising
to him about the building looked angrily at Princess Mary and
to him and everything he could say had long been known to him, that he
to him and he had not once been to see the Rostovs since the day of
to him and smiling so near him than the wine of her charm rose to
to him essential, and the second aim, that of purifying and
to him great and infinite merely because it was not clearly seen.
to him that everyone regarded the Italian in the same light, and he
to him was that he sought and did not find in himself the former
to him with something more than curiosity and sympathy. He noticed
to him, Pierre got up and went with the soldiers. They took him to the
to him, Prince Andrew on the eve of battle felt agitated and irritable
to him, and he absolved her from her sins. Next day she received a box
to him, and he applied for advice to the holy brethren of the
to him, and he moaned regularly and quietly. It was evidently not so
to him, and suddenly, noticing his shining eyes, stepped lightly up to
to him. He liked Petersburg and despised Moscow. The remembrance of
to his groom who was holding his horses and, asking which was the
to his heirs in perpetual succession. The proprietor was a rich and
to his wealth, and being in the habit of lording it over these people,
to hour even in health, reaching its maximum between four and eight in
to hunt and settle anywhere in the region. The vanguard of British fur
to inspect the water and milk supplies of our cities; to construct and
to inspire it with a passion for independence, and to prepare it for a
to interpret and nullify federal law. This was provincialism with a
to joint, and its progress is not appreciably influenced by salicylates,
to kiss and would say: "Till tomorrow," or, "Be in to dinner or I
to kiss before his execution." So thought Pierre, and the whole of
to kiss for him "dear Sonya, whom he loved and thought of just the
to know it and I talk about chance. I see a force producing effects
to know you," said she to Natasha with her stereotyped and lovely
to law and fact, with such exceptions and under such regulations as the
to lay and collect taxes directly and knowing the hatred of the
to lean over to Helene and tickle her.
to leave Moscow without having accomplished his aim, and have vainly
to leave at his death and which he called his "will.")
to left for some time, he sighed and looked down.
to live, he swayed to and fro with dignity, offered surmises about the
to maintain its authority, to put down armed insurrection, and to confer
to make a mistake, and that in his perception whatever he did was
to make an adroit thrust en prime, and so on--the cudgel of the
to make his acquaintance and joyfully welcomed the rich newcomer,
to make it right" (Prince Andrew's voice trembled and he turned away),
to me. And that stupid set without whom my wife cannot exist, and
to mention the estate and home of my birth--my father, who died of
to mining. Their missionaries, who hunted in the highways and byways of
to move on and not block the way.
to my poor aunt who adores you. Go and keep her company for ten
to one side, raising his arm, and fell on his chest. Several
to other parts, where they settle and produce further effects.
to over-stretching of the plexus, and is nearly always of the
to own and manage stores and factories.
to persuade her to get away as quickly as possible, and the head of
to poison his existence, and he drove her from his study telling her
to press on the vagus, recurrent and sympathetic nerves, on the
to prevent it. Spain, hopeless and conscious of her weakness, at last
to prevent them drying up and cracking by the liberal application of
to prove that the campaign of 1813 and the restoration of the Bourbons
to provide himself with some books for the campaign, and had spent
to reaching its goal. It fled like a wounded animal and it was
to react to light, abnormality of the reflexes, and the discovery of
to read and write by the deacon, like your father and me. Now tell me,
to receive the guests and the visitors.
to refer to Anatole and flushed at the thought of him--"did you love
to remain in Moscow?" asked Princess Mary and immediately blushed,
to retire from the army and return and marry Sonya, Nicholas, serious,
to retire from the army and return home. On receiving this letter,
to review his armed peasants and domestic serfs. She sat by the window
to right and left as if anxious to get the first moments of the
to run, talking, firing into the air, and disobeying orders. The moral
to say something more, but at that moment Prince Vasili and his
to say to the Tsar or to Kutuzov, even if they were alive and
to say, and consequently the rapidity and justice of his intonation
to say, and sometimes questioned her carefully about the Penza and
to secondary haemorrhage, and the interesting observation was often made,
to secure a homestead of his own and an independent livelihood. For a
to see America a great commercial and industrial nation. Jefferson was
to see everyone, and equally indifferent to them all. Sometimes he
to see what this strange and evidently solitary laughter could mean.
to sell government bonds; and to his dismay he found that as soon as the
to serve in public office as leaders of the people and ornaments to
to share that conviction and tried to behave morosely with Rostov. But
to shout at them, but suddenly stopped and, clutching at his hair,
to sleep Princess Mary thought about this for a long time, and at last
to sleep, but he knew he would not be able to and that most depressing
to smile and say: 'How strange! He must be deluding himself. Doesn't
to speak of her alone, that early and terrible death has had the
to stir the anger of Republicans and Federalists alike. It regarded the
to stir, so as to warm the water that had trickled to their bodies and
to stop "muckraking" and proceed to the constructive work of removing
to such lengths? He is a deceiver and a villain, that's plain! What
to supply men and not spare ourselves... That is the least we can do!"
to surrender at Saratoga because he was surrounded and cut off from his
to take an active part in the shaping of public policy and the making of
to take it and hand it personally to the French Emperor. When
to take the place of competition and enmity; and to increase the
to tell them all that I see? I have tried, and have always found
to that circle and noted for their intellect and polished manners.
to the Cathedral of the Assumption--and Petya unexpectedly received
to the Constitution. Ten of them were soon ratified and became in 1791 a
to the Empress of Austria, and having, as his historian tells us,
to the German farmers and in nearly every colony were to be found, in
to the Kaluga road, and the commander in chief himself needs sleep and
to the King Prussia and others: 'So much the worse for you. Tu l'as
to the North and West. Thus Southern industries were given easy outlets
to the Treasury in Petersburg to recruit the militia, and then to
to the United States Senate for ratification and to his country for
to the White House. Again in 1840, in 1844, in 1848, and in 1860, the
to the action of heat and chemical germicides.
to the animals that have attracted our attention, and to study the
to the back porch. Natasha got up and looked out of the window. An
to the base of the skull and brain. The vertebrae may become involved by
to the bone. Sometimes the excessive tension and virulent toxins induce
to the bridge, onto it, and to the fords and the boats. Kutuzov
to the caprice of fate and the designs of rogues. During the few
to the commissioner. I enter, and at the table... who do you think?
to the dancers. He invited Prince Andrew to come and see them, and
to the distant Dakotas and still farther afield. So the development of
to the drawing room, the crowd made a rush for the doors, and
to the enemy's picket line to reconnoiter personally, and twice to the
to the eye and orbit, with narrowing of the palpebral fissure, recession
to the farther side of the bridge and stopped the infantry. Beside the
to the footmen, and awaited each expected dish with some anxiety.
to the foreign body, the fibroblasts proliferate and a capsule of scar
to the front of his squadron, and before he had time to finish
to the head of the state and all done to death by assassins." On
to the high price of labor and the high profits of capital in those
to the left, and galloped in the direction of Kovno, preceded by
to the left, and thither Rostov rode, not hoping to find anyone but
to the maid, "bring the princess her gray dress, and you'll see,
to the markets of the nation and brought within the main currents of
to the meatus and canal of the urethra, in either of which situations
to the minutest detail every word, every gesture, and every shade in
to the normal course of civilized life, naturally aroused intense and
to the patient and may be sufficient indication for operative treatment.
to the prince and smiling amiably at him as if to show that
to the printer and get a wagon load of money, one quire of which will
to the reception room, where he found some ten officers and generals.
to the revision and control of the Congress.
to the science of history, whose aim is to enable nations and humanity
to the service and patriotically Russian. He resented Shinshin's
to the soldiers' bonfires and with his long gray mustache, his white
to the southern boundary of Minnesota, and a new commonwealth on the
to the spirit of reform vitally affected women in the home and in
to the surface, and the constitutional symptoms are slight. The pus may
to the unlawful aid in money, arms, and supplies, afforded to the
to the very thick of the battle and had now caused him to run away
to the vestibule. There an old footman and two young ones were playing
to the wheels. The cart was loaded high, and at the very top, beside a
to the will of a chosen man, and guided the will of that chosen man so
to the world in which she had been living of late, and she felt not
to their distant neighbors. Quebec, founded in 1608, and Montreal, in
to their own evolutions and did not even try to do so. All were
to them threw down its arms and surrendered as it had long been
to them what he appeared ten years previously and one year later--an
to them. Terror seized young Nicholas and he awoke.
to those in Virginia, and the system was given up for one of separate
to touch and becomes cold and shrivelled.
to toxic causes and not to the operation--gives rise to the so-called
to tumour-like masses composed of granulation tissue; and in man to
to turn away from them, and took up a book, or hurried of to the
to us, duties indicated to us by God Himself, and that though we might
to us. Such is the inevitable fate of men of action, and the higher
to visit him in Moscow or at Bald Hills later on; and if not, the
to vote at any election for the choice of electors for President and
to walk in Thy paths, (1) to conquer anger by calmness and
to where he was going, to Mitenka's lodge and demanded an account of
to which Webster paid eloquent tribute became more and more real with
to which he was subject, and was thus at the duc's mercy. The latter
to whom to confide her sorrow, and much sorrow fell to her lot just
to work, goes round and notices here a spindle that has stopped or
to young Nicholas with a smile. "You and I haven't seen anything of
to your houses at once, and don't let one of your voices be heard!"
toast was drunk in tavern and private home. The rejoicing could
toasts, it's time to begin," he whispered, and taking up his glass, he
tobacco, and naval stores command the world; and we have the sense to
tobacco, rice, tar, pitch, and pine; the Middle colonies, grain, flour,
today, and it will be tomorrow, and always; and there was yesterday,
today. He has been here on leave and is taking Nicholas back with him.
today. It's too risky to attack them by oneself, and if we put it
toe (she had on a new and favorite pair of shoes) and listening to the
toe--_subungual exostosis_--it displaces the nail, and may project
toes and fingers--especially the great toe and the little finger--the
toes and moving noiselessly in his bast shoes over the roots and wet
toes may droop and the heel be drawn up, resulting in one variety of pes
toes, stepped to the middle of the room and stood still.
together and combined under one management hundreds of concerns or
together by the bonds of a common interest. They had leisure and wealth.
together everyone kept silent. Sometimes the others would get up and
together in twos and threes and one could hear their distressing
together the Indians of the Northwest under British protection and gave
together, and made some steps on the very tips of her toes.
together, and she was calling on the Rostovs for that purpose. The
together, others disputed that opinion and maintained that the Emperor
together, the distinctions between North and South were becoming more
together, thundered on the right and in the center, while the
together; and "boom, boom!" came the sounds confirming what the eye
toilet which rendered her fresh and pretty face yet more attractive.
told Princess Mary, and went in to see the prince. It happened that on
told her that it was impossible, and to her delight showed her a
told him, and said, "Very good!" in a tone that seemed to imply that
told him, understood it all, and at the same time followed a train
told his abrupt stories of the past, or uttered yet more abrupt and
told in Russian, German, and Czech by the crowd of fugitives who
told me to ask,' and come and tell me her answer."
told them something funny and kept them amused, while he watched the
tolerate mysticism in anyone now). "He seeks only for peace, and
tomorrow you'll be appointed adjutant somewhere and can snap your
tomorrow's battle will depend and not on those others.... Success
tomorrow, that no one would deprive him of his warm bed, and that he
tomorrow. But in Julie's presence, looking at her red face and chin
tone and manner, here in Moscow to Anna Mikhaylovna whom he had placed
tone of voice. "Come here, my friend..." and she ominously tucked up
tone that made him wonder whether he really ought not to stay and
tone, "but the prince told me to 'go and tell the colonel that the
tones. Prince Nicholas came in serious and taciturn. Princess Mary
tongue to the cheek, and from one vocal cord to the other; these being
tongues, reading only foreign newspapers, and looking to the Old World
tonic contraction and the clonic spasms characteristic of tetanus.
tonsil and posterior part of the tongue. In the same group are three or
too extraordinary," and at the very moment she thought this, the
too familiar, to get excited and to have arguments about extraneous
too far. By intrigues, violence, exile, and executions, French
too near her heart and she neither could nor would speak lightly of
too remembered the word pink being used, and saw in this the most
too should have had my Congress and my Holy Alliance. Those ideas were
too tightly. The most serious and permanent injuries of this nerve are
too, were flowers and grass, but it stood among them scowling,
too-noisy group, and by a word or slight rearrangement kept the
too... must have been a merchant's son. What men!... and they say he's
took Balashev by the arm and crossed the room with him,
took a direct part in the events, and all the questions that seemed
took a sheet of paper and her hand moved rapidly over it. This is
took a small bundle of scraps from inside his shirt and gave it to the
took advantage of him and things were going from bad to worse. "For
took her sister-in-law's arm and drew her into another room.
took her to her own room and made her lie down on the bed. Natasha lay
took his leave. The same inquisitive, challenging, and rather
took leave of her and of Lise, his look tender yet proud. She saw
took no notice and allowed himself to reply that: 'We in France pay no
took off his cap and crossed himself:
took out of it a white twenty-five-ruble assignat and hastily handed
took part in the war and had no perception whatever of the inevitable,
took possession of him and the same words rose to his lips. But she
took possession of the family, but the rejoicing was external and
took the boy on his knee, played with him, and looked round at
took up the suggestion with Madison and Jefferson as well as with his
took up the sword. Francis Marion was a shy and modest planter of South
tools; and, as they say, one needs a tool even to kill a louse,"
tooth, as straight and strong at sixty as at thirty.
top; in short, we must work for a government as skilled and efficient as
tore it in doing so, and threw it away. An aide-de-camp behind him
tormented by jealousy of her daughter, and now that jealousy concerned
tormented one another and injured their souls, their eternal souls,
torments had followed, and only the heavens promised peace. Toward
torments you with regret. Drawing rooms, gossip, balls, vanity, and
torn off a tea chest and brought to have his boots mended with, went
tortuous, and thickened lymph vessels in which the parent worm is
touch the quilt, followed her suggestion and pressed his lips to the
touched his shirt collar, and the hand holding the bottle was lifted
touching his horse and turning purple in the face. "Vill you be so
touching that she could not think of it without tears, and did not
tourniquet; in the head by a pad and bandage; in the thorax or abdomen
toutly swore that no one else had been in the front room during the afternoon. So determined was their denial that the inspector was staggered, and had almost come to believe that Mrs. St. Clair had been deluded when, with a cry, she sprang at a small deal box which lay upon the table and tore the lid from it. Out there fell a cascade of children's bricks. It was the toy which he had promised to bring home.
toward Anna Pavlovna, and Anna Pavlovna, with the same sad smile
toward Missouri and along the southern border westward to the Red River.
toward all, which cannot be acquired artificially and therefore
toward democracy. The mayor, aldermen, and citizens of New York City
toward her daughter's face which was wincing with pain and gazed
toward herself, and clung to her.
toward him or her, and jauntily spreading out his legs and putting his
toward him. The foremost, wearing a Cossack cloak and lambskin cap and
toward political action and radical opinions. Above all, it sought to
towards the centre it is black, shading off through blue and grey into a
tower clock. One wheel slowly moved, another was set in motion, and
town and country.
town" which collapsed, and made a large sum of money supplying buffalo
town, used to hide there, and many of the residents at Otradnoe,
town," said Pierre, "and that the position..."
town--and Smolensk held out all day long. At the battle of Borodino,
towns and villages on Russian soil beginning with Smolensk, without
towns like Leeds, Manchester, and Birmingham, for example, had no
towns of Hartford, Windsor, and Wethersfield had long lived happily
towns of the Archduchy of Austria, and yet other regiments freshly
towns on the basis of the amount of taxes paid, against heavy taxes, and
towns. The stations on the line will be well equipped with elevators and
towns." In the interior, Hartford in Connecticut, Lancaster and York in
townsfolk to turn into the yards and to draw up at the entrances of
townsman was carried through the waves of infantry; and sometimes like
toxaemia is profound, and the face and lips assume a characteristic
toxins are gradually eliminated from the body the symptoms abate, and if
traces broke, and lungs were strained with shouting. The officers
tract, and those who suffer are supposed to possess what has been called
trade and credit, it followed as night the day that in time the planters
trade between the same and Great Britain." The old Molasses Act had been
trade from us as the canals and railways which Eastern capital is
trade unions and federated in a national organization. The power of
trade with the independent Latin-American colonies and they protested
trade, and their manufactures. Common forces assailed them. Common
trade." It likewise defined and limited the uses which the federal
traded. Here and there on favorable harbors they established centers of
traders and Canadian priests was enlarged by many new recruits, with
traders and soldiers do not write history), and (2) that spiritual
trades, were simply forced to raise and support armies, to learn the
tradesmen, women, and officials, looking silently at one another.
tradition that related taxation and representation. This, they argued,
traditions of chivalry and, desiring to conceal the facts of the case,
train of thoughts and feelings arose in her. "What did Nicholas' smile
trained and there was someone to fire at.
trains were running from New Orleans through Houston, San Antonio, and
traitor, and that will be still more unjust. He is an honest and
traitors," he added, with a look of gloomy dignity and a fine
trampled mud and gazed with that particular feeling of ill-will,
trampling through the deep snow, and muttering incoherent words:
tranquil and happy than before.
tranquillity and security of all; it was purely pacific and
tranquillity is in danger and any action finds a justification.
tranquilly, while Louis XVI and Charles I are executed by their
transferred to a clean and dry glass tube. There is abundant evidence
transformed into a fibrous cord easily recognisable on palpation, and
transformed into fat, and in the event of a subsequent lactation they
transient and incomprehensible--but he remembered her as he had last
transit and the level, the drill and the dredge, the pick and the spade;
transmissible from the ox to the human subject, and that the milk of
transport and of the whole army, had to remain stationary in face of
transportation from 24.8 per cent to 43.2 per cent; and in manufacturing
transshipments were made by rail and water to Southern points of
trap. I have faith only in God and the lofty destiny of our adored
traps. Natasha and Nicholas got into the other. "Uncle" wrapped
traumatic origin, and is best treated by excision of the sac.
travel and correspondence easier and national conventions possible even
travel with him as far as Moscow and to stay with him there. Meeting a
traveling case, and the countess leaned out and said what she had to
travels and all you have been doing on your estates."
treason, felony, and breach of the peace, be privileged from arrest
treated Bonaparte as an equal and that the latter was quite at ease
treated him cordially though with dignity and restraint.
treated in detail here. The effects of invention on social and political
treated on general principles. In the region of the face, neck, and
treaties had been a broken reed. On the character and functions of the
treating some officers to pies and real doppelkummel. The officers
treatment by incision and drainage.
treatment for fractures in the region of the elbow, the splints and
treatment is excision, and that without delay.
treatment must always be preceded by and combined with other therapeutic
treatment of Cuba and Porto Rico and condemned the Philippine policy in
treatment. In para-syphilitic lesions such as general paralysis and
treatment. The symptoms may be relieved by rest and by soothing
treaty of peace and amity.
treaty that closed the war before "rough and ready" General Taylor, a
tree and two Frenchmen were talking over his head. Pierre did not look
tree in the garden snapped with the frost, and then all was again
trembled as he gave his horse into an orderly's charge, and he felt
trembled, and tears instantly appeared in his fine blue eyes.
trephine or chisel, and the presence of an abscess may be at once
trepidation in his benefactor's lifetime. The room, dusty and
trial, and others were tarred and feathered. One was placed upon a cake
tribute to them for the inspiration and material aid which they had
tribute-bearer to the manufacturer and financier. "The South,"
tried briefly and coldly to inform him of the facts, in her son's
tried hard to give the old energy and fire, but which sounded like
tried to set forth the important aspects, problems, and movements of
tried to smile but could not: his smile expressed suffering, and he
tried to talk of other things and to look in other directions, thought
tried, and, failing improvement, the nail-fold and lunule should be
trifling and evanescent, and in others is persistent and progressive,
trigeminus, for example, it may cause enlargement of the upper lid and
trigger, there was a deafening report, and all were enveloped in a
trips to distant cities or abroad. Carpentry, bricklaying, and
trismus, and the spasms chiefly affect the muscles of the neck and
triumph of industry and business enterprise. In the South many of the
triumphantly and gaily.
triumphantly secured the mop and still did not realize what awaited
triumphantly, and to have the last word she promptly changed the
trivial causes, and so meanly fed that they fled in crowds to the
trivial, and nothing is important, it's all the same--only to save
trodden down ... justice, humanity, liberty, and public welfare demand
troops and covered by smoke clouds from the guns, and the slanting
troops and local militia met in a pitched battle near Alamance River,
troops as soon as order is restored and the state governments ready to
troops below the hill and fell far short of the enemy, a little
troops crowded together by the riverbanks and in Borodino. A white
troops these were and to learn that he had to capture a "tongue"--that
troops, and at the same time could not admit the idea of his hero
troops, indicates the objective, and hardly ever uses a weapon
troops, marked by extreme cruelty and a total disregard for life and
troops, settling in eyes, ears, hair, and nostrils, and worst of all
troops; but why, whither, and who they were, it was impossible to make
tropical Africa, South America, and the West Indies. The impregnated
trouble and all our arrangements to the minutest detail remain the
trouble themselves with politics and government, which they do not
trouble, and silently fixed his eyes on Bagration as a schoolboy who
troubling about their purport or significance. Such were Willarski and
troubling and the weary could be at rest, as they read in the Bible. In
trousseau had to be ordered and the house sold. Moreover, Prince
trowel and three pairs of gloves, and then the Grand Master
trowel, a rough stone and a squared stone, a pillar, three windows,
troyka driver who had known Dolokhov and Anatole some six years and
true! Write an answer!" Natasha did not reply and went to her own room
trunk, and may even involve branches of other trunks with which the
trunk, the patient being stripped and examined by daylight. Among the
trust in Thee, and to Thee be all glory, to Father, Son, and Holy
trusted Mitenka so much, and was so good-natured, that everybody
trusts and favoring labor unions. When the Republican convention
trusts and to put all business on a competitive basis. Its terms were
trusts to luck, one should make certain,' and I want to try."
trusts, and the trade unions--the subjects of debate among the people
trusts, monopolies, mines, railways; and the chief means of production.
truth beyond ceremonies and meaningless prayers and are now instructed
truth. I love you, and I think I love you more than anyone else...."
trying to appear cordial and at ease. From the first glance Princess
trying to hinder the robbers, having lost all motive and all sense
trying to prepare her sister-in-law, and every time began to cry.
ts! They come, they go, they come again--of course that was for the cloak. Now where did they come from?" He ran up and down, sometimes losing, sometimes finding the track until we were well within the edge of the wood and under the shadow of a great beech, the largest tree in the neighbourhood. Holmes traced his way to the farther side of this and lay down once more upon his face with a little cry of satisfaction. For a long time he remained there, turning over the leaves and dried sticks, gathering up what seemed to me to be dust into an envelope and examining with his lens not only the ground but even the bark of the tree as far as he could reach. A jagged stone was lying among the moss, and this also he carefully examined and retained. Then he followed a pathway through the wood until he came to the highroad, where all traces were lost.
tubercle and also by epithelioma secondary to disease in the tongue or
tubercle and death of the affected portion of bone, there results a
tubercle has been removed and there is no pyogenic infection, the wound
tubercle may again become active and get the upper hand of the tissues,
tuberculin and exposure to the Rontgen rays have proved beneficial. The
tuberculosis, and to waxy degeneration of the internal organs. The mixed
tuberculosis. Anaemia, malaria, and other sources of debility must
tuberculous abscess. The ulcers and sinuses persist indefinitely, or
tuberculous granulation tissue. The bodies are smooth and of a
tuberculous infection spreads to the lymph vessels, and the limb as a
tuberculous, and the syphilitic.
tuberosity of the tibia is apparently enlarged, and there is a
tubs, and everything that they did not want or could not carry away
tucked its tail between its legs, and darted aside. Yells and
tumour and is secured there by a stitch or by a strip of plaster, thus
tumour and shelling it out. Care must be taken that none of the outlying
tumour shrinks in size after the use of radium and becomes operable, it
tumour, and continuous with that of the bone from which it is growing
tumour, and substituting for it a corresponding portion from the tibia
tumour. The soft forms grow rapidly, and eat away the bone, without
tumours of the nerve-trunks. The inconvenience caused by the bulk and
tumours show little or no tendency to increase in size, and the pain
tumours vary in size, and the skin, which is almost devoid of hairs, is
tumours, some of which may attain a considerable size (Figs. 48 and 49).
tumours_, and especially cancer, from the seat of the primary disease to
tunic unbuttoned; Pierre sat between his wife and the old countess. He
turn into vexation and anger at the stupid arrangements and at the
turn more and more to Northern mills for their cloth, shoes, hats, hoes,
turn out very well and amusingly. "And why not marry her if she really
turn spindles at home!'?" said Shinshin, puckering his brows and
turn. He enforced the laws and, usually with the consent of a council,
turn: that a court-martial had been appointed, and that in view of the
turned and never stayed. The Constitution of the United States, he
turned and saw Julie sitting beside her mother with a happy look on
turned and went out of the corridor.
turned away and was about to ask the countess again how to go to
turned away from him and glanced sadly at one another with a sigh at
turned away from him frowning and addressed the esaul, conveying his
turned away from that life of devotion, submission, and the poetry
turned away. She did not venture to ask any questions, and shut the
turned from his partner with eyes and ears intent on the colonel.
turned her cup upside down and placed a nibbled bit of sugar beside
turned his eyes to Bolkonski with his customary smile and looked at
turned its head to face her, and instead of putting on speed as she
turned on his knees with a supple movement, got up, coughed, and
turned pale with fright and made signs to the boy. He grew silent, and
turned to her when they had any orders to give. Petya and Natasha on
turned to him and took the letters.
turned up in the evening that he was applying for leave and was
turned up. One's quite frozen and the other's an awful swaggerer. He's
turned-up fingers, drew out a gold imperial, and lifting his
turning her head and clutching with both hands at her hair which the
turning his plate round and moving his wineglasses about with as
turning to Anatole, "come here, let us talk and get acquainted."
tutor and putting the boy in his charge, then he ought to retire
tutors, and governesses followed singly. The footmen began moving
tutors, and governesses. From behind the crystal decanters and fruit
twelve horses got ready for the princess' carriages and eighteen carts
twelve hundred rubles he had not only to keep himself, his mother, and
twelve in alcohol, and then boiled for ten minutes in 1 in 1000
twelve o'clock left the third column with which he had been and
twelve. A languor of motion and speech, resulting from weakness,
twentieth century. At the opening of 1913 two states, Colorado and
twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no
twenty miles and have duties to attend to and no time to wait.
twenty or thirty years. Spontaneous cure never takes place, and the risk
twenty paces, and Nicholas could clearly distinguish every detail of
twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth were not completed, and secondly, by the
twenty-fourth, and part of the line--the left flank--had been drawn
twenty-fourth, the first and chief action of the battle of Borodino
twenty-sixth at Borodino, and each day and hour and minute of the
twenty; she had stopped growing prettier and promised nothing more
twirling round and was about to expand her dresses into a balloon
twisted in such a manner as to require great labor to straighten and a
twisted up the hare, threw it neatly and smartly across his horse's
twisting something with her slender nervous fingers and gazing
twitched its ears as the bayonets touched it, and snorted, spurting
twitching and grunting. An aide-de-camp, who had entered the bedroom
twitchings, and sometimes convulsions. Finally the pupils dilate, the
two Confederate agents to a British vessel for safe conduct abroad, and
two Emperors, and having succeeded in this, Boris felt that henceforth
two French corps, and by way of reporting their intention to Kutuzov
two Frenchmen. Their laughter and their mutually incomprehensible
two branches where it bifurcates (Brasdor, 1760, and Wardrop, 1825), may
two cardinal virtues in her gave her lessons in algebra and geometry
two days' march and the enemy's outposts after a brief interchange
two different lines of activity: one, of the constitutional and
two first questions by giving the names of his regiment and of his
two halves: one half is she, and there all is joy, hope, light: the
two hundred and ninety-five electors of President and Vice-President of
two ladies, addressing Prince Vasili and pointing to an inlaid
two miles, and reining in his horse he sighed restfully and looked
two nights," replied the doctor, and he sat down morosely beside his
two or three days. These are mostly referable to the lungs and brain.
two others were flourishing their switches and striking him
two small guerrilla detachments of Figner and Seslavin.
two years Arizona and New Mexico were "under the roof." So the
two,' and when I say 'three'... You stand here, and you in my arms-
two-thirds. All the muscles of the arm, forearm, and hand are paralysed,
type of patients who are liable to lumbago, and the two affections are
type of the disease and the joint affected; in the joints of the fingers
type, and a young woman. That very young woman seemed to Pierre the
type, as a rule being attended with swelling, oedema, and dusky redness
type. In a number of cases the inflammation is acute and the patient is
tyranny; and denunciation of the spoils system. Though Jackson was
ulcer and its surroundings, and any other sources of irritation must be
ulcer becomes red and angry-looking, the granulations disappear, and a
ulcer is smooth and glazed, or occupied by necrosed tissue, and the
ulcer usually become thrombosed, and in time are reduced to fibrous
ulcer, including its edges and about a quarter of an inch of the
ulcerate, forming small open sores with ragged and undermined edges, not
ulcerates, leaving small oval sores with sharply bevelled edges, and an
ulceration and resulting in stenosis; and lesions of the _nervous
ulceration has lasted for a long time, however, and is widespread and
ulceration of cartilage and of articular caries is attended with the
ulceration, cicatricial contraction, and sabre-blade deformity of
ulcers in the soft palate and pillars of the fauces, which may lead to
ulcers, which are attended with profuse discharge, and marked
ulna sufficient to admit of dorsiflexion of the joints and lengthening
ulnar, median, and radial nerves are frequently cut across, and in
unable to say it because Mademoiselle Bourienne was in the way, and
unable to use the limb; the part is hot, swollen, and tender, and
unable, from the masses around them, the smoke and the increasing fog,
unaccustomed to severe discipline, and impatient at the restraints
unaffected bone maintains the length and contour of the limb; in the
unaffected, and by the normal artery being felt pulsating over or
unanimously in 1840 and saw him go down to utter defeat.
unattended by symptoms and disappearing under anti-syphilitic treatment.
unbecoming coiffure, Mademoiselle Bourienne's and Anatole's smiles,
unbrushed tufts of hair sticking up behind and the hastily brushed
unchanging stonily severe expression; and, sitting down opposite the
unchangingly, and unselfishly in love with Nicholas, that there were
uncomfortable and was a man mounted on a horse, while looking at the
uncomfortable on his body, and his mind had a dim consciousness of
uncomfortable position in which they had put him and turned him over
uncommonly pretty, and agile--she swims and rides splendidly... and
uncomplicated typhoid fever, and in the early stages of cancerous
uncomprehended, and terrible, was becoming unbearable. Those
uncompromising Democrat. They accused Grant of using "the powers and
uncompromising advocates of universal emancipation. Far and wide the
unconcerned and did not stir. An adjutant, dismounting, lifted the
unconscious and paid no attention to the newcomers. Those who were
unconscious little princess, he shook his head reprovingly and slammed
unconscious, and thanks especially to the fact that the privations
unconsciously and quite forgetting her condition, prepared for the
unconsciously carried away and began speaking with the suppressed
unconsciously uttering a gentle, piteous, and childlike moan.
unconstitutional or improper; but, worn out by his long and arduous
unconstitutional. The Constitution remained unchanged; times and
uncontrolled by experiment or argument, recognized by all thinkers and
undecided. Nine states had accepted it and were united, whether more saw
under General Shafter and shelled by the American ships, gave up the
under God we all flee as to an inviolable bulwark and protection,"
under a fall of masonry, and in machinery accidents. When the patient is
under a heavy burden of debt and taxes. The war had been fought partly
under her white cotton cap, knelt sighing and groaning on a rug and
under her wing, Petya guessed her designs, and instinctively fearing
under her, then Madame Schoss' familiar whistling snore and Sonya's
under local anaesthesia, the portion of skin containing the corn and
under public control and the government was empowered to embark upon a
under terrific fire and had charged with them beside him. Rostov heard
under the blanket. He heard a rustle behind him and a shadow
under the influence of a definite cause, have a natural termination, and
under the kerchief, and the loose skin that hung under her chin.
under the late Emperor, and was nicknamed 'the King of Prussia.' He is
under the name of "rider's bone." It follows bruising and partial
under the shakos, faces with broad cheekbones, sunken cheeks, and
under the shed, became quiet and with the baby in her arms went to the
under the shirt cuffs, laid down the pack and took up a glass and a
under the table, searched everywhere, and stood still in the middle of
under which we now live--constitutions of our own choice and making--and
underclothing, limped out and, leaning against the doorpost, looked
undergo a variable amount of calcification and ossification, so as to be
undergo erosion and are absorbed by the gradually increasing pressure of
undergone fibrosis, with giant-cell formation and eosinophile
underlying subcutaneous tissue and deep fascia. Hogarth Pringle
understood Natasha, and she kept saying that she had always known that
understood anything of the sort. He only saw in her a pretty and fresh
understood it and, leaving aside the question of Moscow, of the
understood something else--something the living did not and could
understood that he had not told all and that there was something in
understood that she was being asked to entertain this young man, and
understood that they had much to say to one another in private and
understood the full importance of the rite now being performed and
understood what was said to him, the German submitted and took his men
understood, crossed himself and kissed the icon. There was a look of
undertake to forget it all and not let anyone see that something had
undertaken before dissemination has taken place, and a considerable area
undifferentiated tissue elements or "rests," and so determine the growth
undisturbed; locally, the part is cool, of natural colour and free from
undivided control of the army, and hoping that more decisive action
undress, drink some water, and send for the doctor.
undue movement of the affected part, and improper applications and
uneasiness in her manner and was about to add something, but Pierre
uneven ranks, and musket shots sounded. Several of our men fell, among
uneven, their texture sclerosed in parts, and the medullary canal is
unexpected and striking beauty. For the first time all that pure,
unexpected and tenderly paternal way.
unexpected and unintended clash of arms at Lexington and Concord in the
unexpected idea and he had not the strength to turn it back again.
unexpectedly and in a whisper, with a strangely unsmiling face:
unexpectedly rose to his mind, and going over the pictures of that
unexpectedly the French fell into confusion and stopped short from the
unexpectedly, and contrary alike to strategic and diplomatic
unfaithful wife, a retired gentleman-in-waiting, fond of eating and
unfamiliar and hostile, some dreadful, terrifying, and repellent
unfamiliar faces and both were perplexed at what they had done and
unfavorable rumors that were afloat, and so Kutuzov's suggestion of an
unfavourable--with the multiplicity of the lesions, and with the
unfinished bit of nibbled sugar, and asked if anything more would be
unfortunate and interesting Helene was in doubt which of the two men
ungainly limbs sprawling unsymmetrically, and its gnarled hands and
ungenerous and severe, seem harmless enough now, were hurried before
unhappy traitor but brave and daring soldier, was a druggist, book
unhealthy and infected granulations is so great that amputation may be
unheroic sides; but as it was, Speranski's strange and logical turn of
uniform and mounted on a lean, dark-gray horse, the other in an
uniform of a civilian official, with sausage-shaped whiskers and
uniform of an aide-de-camp and was duly conducted to pay his
uniform of his regiment, when he recognized red-haired Dementyev and
uniform of which he was so fond, and moved with his mother and Sonya
uniform open over a white vest, and the St. Andrew ribbon over his
uniform or bossed, the consistence varies at different parts, and the
uniform showing the creases where it had been folded and thick gold
uniform size, of a pinkish-red colour, and moist with a slight serous
uniform, his chest covered with orders and a scarf drawn round his
uniform. The study smelt strongly of tobacco and dogs. "Uncle" asked
uniforms ten paces off, and the firing had begun to subside. Suddenly,
uniforms, mounted on black horses, trotting straight toward him and
unilateral, and develops without apparent cause. The pain, which occurs
uninjured and slightly wounded--had left it long ago. All about the
union and confederation for the general defense of his Majesty's
union and insisted on calling them "traitors" and "rebels." The
union, and liberty. This was the address which called forth from
unions all struggling for profits or high wages and held together by a
unions for the purpose of increasing wages, shortening hours, and
unions sprang up in all industrial centers and they led almost
unite and there await the enemy. It was plain that Armfeldt had
united by domestic ties of a political and economic nature, even a
united by scar tissue and fixed to bone or other adjacent structure. In
united colonies are and of right ought to be free and independent
uniting the Atlantic and the Pacific, was the occasion of a great
unity of purpose and possessed of authority and power.
universe, in humanity, in his own soul, and in God, had been
universe, in the whole universe there is a kingdom of truth, and we
unknown force and took possession of her.
unknown ground, and nowhere encountering the enemy. On the contrary,
unless it affects the scalp and forehead and is associated with the
unless there was lodged somewhere a supreme power "to regulate and
unlicensed by the government and uncontrolled by the church, was,
unlicked bear! A perfectly absurd and stupid fellow, and a gambler
unlocked the door and went in without giving her an answer....
unmarried, and should fascinate her husband as much as she did
unmercifully, and occasionally a brutal murder was committed. Often the
unnatural that she first felt ashamed for the actors and then amused
unnatural tone made him wince unpleasantly and he replied hastily.
unnecessary baggage, and artillery material that is no longer in
unnecessary in the more benign sarcomas, and in the more malignant forms
unpleasant and even rude to him. He became silent, and I recollected
unpleasant things to everyone and upset them. Let's go to the
unpleasantly, he rode up and saluted.
unpleasantness and anxiety to the court circle of which Anna
unprecedented enterprise meant huge industrial cities and an immense
unpunished and so I have killed two birds with one stone: to appease
unqualified support and obedience."
unreaped corn was scorched and shed its grain. The marshes dried up.
unreasoning hurry and alarm overcame them. They all rushed forward
unrelated to his past interests, and he seized on these the more
unstable and irritating as the worthless notes of revolutionary days,
unsteady steps and returning to his room lay down on the sofa and
unsuitable soil, and the organisms do not readily find a footing. Any
unthinkable to fight for ten hours and secure an indecisive result,
until at the end of two, three, or four weeks both vessels and cells
until pain and tenderness have disappeared. The attitude in which the
until puberty, when the skin and its appendages become more active, or
until the general conflagration." Of the same opinion was the young and
until the opening of navigation in the spring and they are no longer
until they are excited into active growth and give rise to a tumour.
until they break down and form abscesses, which are usually about the
untimely such questions were and only asked them to allay his grief.
untruth and was becoming entangled. She began to cry.
unusually intelligent, charming... and then she is pretty,
unwell, sat down under an apple tree and von Toll remained beside him.
unwell. He ate nothing and had slept badly that night, those around
unwise, and unprecedented steps in the history of the party. Senator
up Moscow like this? They told you that for fun, and you believed
up and change, but up to the first of September nothing had done so.
up and come to resemble a scab.
up and down the room for a long time, no longer piercing an
up and flew to her.
up and looking carelessly about him.
up and the vessel again secured. The internal administration of heroin
up and trying to quiet him.
up by Bryan and his followers.
up by massage and appropriate exercises.
up his eyes and considered.
up in bed and gazed before him with wide-open eyes. He had awaked from
up in it, but that it was all nonsense and rubbish, and he did not
up of Japanese, Russian, British, American, French, and German soldiers
up on the floor, jerked her thin and rather short plait of hair to the
up riots in Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and Charleston when attempts
up the heavens, and champagne flowed. The crisis so long expected had
up the margins of the rent in the wall and securing them with a
up the plan of campaign against Napoleon and, having induced Alexander
up their minds, will not rest until they have gained their end, and
up their ranks six times in succession and march as if on parade. Fine
up to Countess Bezukhova and asked her to dance. She smilingly
up to her guests, first the vicomte and then the abbe, as peculiarly
up to him, and he gazed at the opposite bank. Then he became
up to his father with a very flushed face and said in his breaking
up to the bonfire, and addressing Tushin asked him to have the guns
up to the group and shouted at Mishka.
up to the old man like this, and falls down at his feet! 'You are
up to the sick man and squatted down beside him.
up to the unknown general and blocking his way to the door. "Whom
up with a woman and, like a chained convict, you lose all freedom! And
up with one's own life, before whom one was to blame and had hoped
up with the troops moving toward him and has taken up a strong
up, and the fight was at an end. The regimental commander and Major
up, breaking off his remarks. I felt abashed and asked whether what he
up, first blue and then red, Shcherbinin lit the tallow candle, from
up, jerking the rings of the leashes and pricking their ears. Karay
up. Cotton had in fact become "king" and the planters depended for their
upheaval and the years of dissolution that ensued, the Spanish colonies
uphill with the carts, and their calls to one another, could be
upon a fragility of the bone, but on the loss of the muscular sense and
upon him and his mustache twisted upwards, sat the ruddy
upon him, he laughed and rolled up his sleeves, and spat upon his hands,
upon his magnanimous plans, was pacing patiently up and down before
upon its capacity for irritating the tissues and so inducing a
upon such government as dangerous to the liberties of citizens and
upon the inhabitants and that attempts to impose them otherwise were
upon the nerve and free it from the pressure of a fragment of bone or
upon the recovery of the impoverished and battle-torn countries of
upon their natural rights, and in influential circles she urged the
upon to relinquish her authority and withdraw from the island; and the
upper lip trembled and leaning his head against her he began to cry.
upright on the sofa and listened with sparkling eyes. She tried
upset Natasha was and jested resolutely and loudly at table with the
upstairs to see Vogel and his wife who lived on the upper story.
upward like the horns of the moon against Ohio on the east and in the
ureters or the intestine, or by complicating pregnancy and parturition.
urgently and finally wrote him, but nothing would induce him to
urine is scanty and loaded with urates. In severe cases diarrhoea and
urticarial or erythematous rash, pain and swelling of the joints, and a
us a clean heart and renew a right spirit within us, strengthen us all
us, she prayed for the members of her own family, her father and
us. I had no idea and could not imagine what state he was in, all I
usage, merits and achievements not wholly its own. Particularly was this
use of a vaccine, it indicates a negative phase, and calls for a
use of the initiative and referendum, practically bound legislators to
use them for their own advantages," and employed the "public service of
use, and then it should be given along with the food.
use. Two important pure food and drug laws, enacted during the same
used and can circulate and fulfill their purpose without harm to
used to be his old schoolroom, and looking into Natasha's wildly
used to denote a power of counteracting bacteria and their products.
used to do), and drew it downwards as if wishing to ascertain
used to roll on the ground, and he fell upon Eykhen, threatening him
useful and the Emperor Alexander held him in high esteem personally.
useful as a preliminary step. The base of the ulcer and the thickened
usual and that they turned him over oftener. She could not sleep and
usual hour, Mademoiselle Bourienne and Anatole met in the
usual in the middle of the hall and choosing the place where the
usual spoke smilingly and listened with a laugh.
usual tranquil and impenetrable expression. It was the heavy tread
usual way and suddenly seemed to grow very merry.
usually be checked and the occurrence of suppuration prevented. If this
usually circular, thin, white, shining like satin, and the surrounding
usually did Milka suddenly raised her tail and stiffened her forelegs.
usually grows upwards and laterally, projecting above the sternum and
usually known to him, and by this means he rose higher in their
usually larger, the induration is more diffused, and the enlarged glands
usually originate in venous cysts or pouches, and at acute bends on the
usually remains a variable amount of hyperostosis and sclerosis and
usually subcutaneous, and is frequently situated on the head or neck in
usually thickened and adherent to it and to one another. Adjacent veins
usually under six months, is noticed to be feverish and fretful and to
usually ushered in with fever, and signs of lymphangitis in the part
usually worn away and disappear. The surrounding muscles undergo
ut the man, shocked at having broken the window, and seeing an official-looking person in uniform rushing towards him, dropped his goose, took to his heels, and vanished amid the labyrinth of small streets which lie at the back of Tottenham Court Road. The roughs had also fled at the appearance of Peterson, so that he was left in possession of the field of battle, and also of the spoils of victory in the shape of this battered hat and a most unimpeachable Christmas goose."
uterine, and spermatic veins, and from the veins in the lower part of
uterus, and may cause serious symptoms by pressing injuriously on the
utilities, and creating a system of workmen's compensation in
utter contempt for all opposing opinions and arguments, he pursued his
uttered certain words, seems to us senseless. He had the power and
uttered!" pronounced the Mason in a stern and tremulous voice.
uttering prolonged and piercing cries.
vacillating, a coward, dense, dilatory, and has all bad qualities. The
vague and difficult to localise, later it is referred to the interior of
vaguely and crossly that he had some business.
vainly to rise, but could not do so on account of his weakness and
valleys nearly all monopolized by planters, and they were by the force
value her pure affection and devotion to me?" She went up to her and
value this mystic power and glory that is floating here above me in
valves of the heart and give rise to endocarditis.
valves permits of rapid and copious bleeding, which may prove fatal,
vanguard of the army reached France. A slow and steady stream followed.
vanguard of the whole army, that Napoleon was there and the whole army
vanguard, rewards were promised, and the men received a double
vanished again, evidently wishing to avoid the inquiring looks and
vanishes in this world, but that I shall always exist and always
vanishing amid the clouds of dust they raised and making the air
vanity and develop our innate love of death or of rebirth to a new
vanity and uselessness of all earthly things, that had incessantly
variable, and depends on so many circumstances, that no time-limits can
variation, and with the same expression on his full, cheerful,
varies in consistence at different parts, and the X-ray picture shows a
varieties include the _chloroma_, which is of a light-green colour, and
variety of the ankylosis, and the attitude of the joint. When there is
variety, and is frequently associated with pouching of the aorta. It
variety, and the same thing over and over again would weary anyone.
variety, only it grows more rapidly, and by destroying the nerve fibres
various functions and inclinations was apparent. She had to eat,
various knockings with mallets and swords. As he was being led up to
various sides, and then more shots.
various uniforms on the fields and meadows belonging to the Davydov
varix and phlebitis with chronic ulcer; in the arm as a result of
vary in number and size in different individuals, and fresh glands may
varying fortunes, it resulted in the discomfiture and retirement of
varying in situation, being frequently bilateral, and being more often
vascular; and the new bone that is formed is imperfectly calcified. The
vases the count kept glancing at his wife and her tall cap with its
vault of the skull, and to the mandible. The base of the skull is not
vegetation with silver-lit leaves and stems here and there. Farther
vehement, scolded, and sometimes flung the exercise book away.
vehicles of all kinds overtaking one another and blocking the muddy
vein is established, and the clinical features are those of a
veins and some fever and disturbance of health and temper. In the course
veins, and in such cases it is spoken of as the _varicose ulcer_ (Fig. 14).
venae cavae, the portal vein and its tributaries, the hepatic, renal,
venous congestion and oedema, and sometimes pneumonia. Dyspnoea, with
ventricle and cerebellum which maintain the muscular tone, with the
venture to set him free. I slipped in in safety and lay awake half the night in my joy at the thought of seeing you. I had no difficulty in getting leave to come into Winchester this morning, but I must be back before three o'clock, for Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle are going on a visit, and will be away all the evening, so that I must look after the child. Now I have told you all my adventures, Mr. Holmes, and I should be very glad if you could tell me what it all means, and, above all, what I should do."
ventured too far out of town with the proclamation and killed them.
verging in the direction of open war. The New York and Boston papers
verses composed and printed in the hero's honor. Bagration, on
verses were finished Prince Andrew went up to Speranski and took his
vertebrae (Fig. 71) and posterior portions of the ribs, form a swelling
vertebrae, and jaws. As they grow they may cause little alteration in the
vertebral border of the scapula, and the cristal border of the ilium.
vertebral spines or in the lines of the cervical nerves, and the
vertically now, and all was still. The whole sun appeared on the
very admirable young woman and you always liked her, but now
very best one trammeled by the presence and authority of the monarch.
very clever but eccentric, and a bore. The poor girl is very
very glad to do all in my power both for you and for this dear young
very good order: new, clean, and in cloth covers carefully tied with
very infective discharge. Under the influence of irritation and want of
very lightly. She went to the table, set down the tray, and with her
very limited capacity and information, and like Dokhturov he never
very long before he was compelled to choose between states' rights and
very low at front and back. Her bust, which had always seemed like
very much--informing him of her intention to marry N.N. and of her
very plump, soft, and white. Such whiteness and softness Prince Andrew
very polite, amiable, good-natured, and genuinely grateful to Pierre
very prolific, and there is usually a predominance of daughters in their
very quickly, letting the borzois gain on him, and, finally having
very serious and weighty matter, and the fact that A had been
very simply, and raising his eyebrows with an absent-minded smile
very wealthy heiress and also by the fact that the older she grew
very wise, because you can take everything along with you--vodka and
very young children and very old people was particularly evident in
vesicles form and in turn burst, and the eschar increases in size. The
vessel and judge of its purity? Only by the inner purification of
vessel and, after seizing the crew, set it on fire. A royal commission,
vessel by destruction of the endothelium, and this predisposes to
vessel walls, owing to the contraction and retraction of the coats and
vessel. Concurrently and by the same process the external clot is
vessels (angioma), of cartilage (chondroma), of bone (osteoma), and of
vessels and 75,000 officers and men were operating in European waters.
vessels and in the lymphatics that accompany them.
vessels and nerves, either surrounding them or pressing on them.
vessels generally communicate freely with each other, and secondary
vessels of which they are composed, into the capillary, the venous, and
vessels take origin in the lymph spaces of the tissues and in the
vessels, giving rise to abscesses and fungating ulcers in relation to
vessels, lymphatics, and nerves. That part of the corium immediately
vessels. This inability of the vessels to contract and retract is met
vessels; and if it fails to arrest the flow through these, it is useless
veterans.... Vive l'Empereur!" came the voices of men, old and
vexation and left the room. The old count began irresolutely to
vice and must endeavor to secure that the honest man may, even in this
vice versa, and insisting on his declaring himself to Princess Mary.
vicinity of the original lesion, and, breaking loose, are carried
vicious and determined look steadily fixed on the icons, as though
vicious and unfortunate people whom he would assist by word and
vicious gray stallion that had not been ridden for a long time, and
vicissitudes of her politics or the ordinary combinations and collisions
vicomte and from the vicomte to their hostess. In the first moment
victory and no longer need our aid," said Kutuzov.
victory gained by the Austrians, and of the retreat of the
victory in battle with a noble act of universal pardon and oblivion.
victory to have been complete, and some even spoke of Napoleon's
victory will conclude our campaign and we can return to winter
victory. He stood a little behind the governor and held himself with
view, was to dispatch more troops to crush the "rebels"; and that very
view: love of one's neighbor and Christianity--and all this in the
viewed as a "sudden, dangerous, and revolutionary assault upon law and
views and spoke of direct government with scorn. "Votes," he exclaimed,
views he had held at this time of his madness and they always proved
views. He said the peasants were obdurate and that at the present
vigor and the year 1883 marked a series of railway triumphs. In February
vigor, clearness, and depth it had never reached when he was in
vigorous and alert, entering Potemkin's gaily colored tent, and a
vigorous and the men are hard at work. The comparative immunity of women
vigorous efforts of the honest and sincere friends of the freedmen to
vigorous person who had fought so desperately with the marauder and
vigorous protests on the part of natives and American citizens against
vigorously holding its tail erect, shining and displaying its white
village and had already been sent for.
village and stacked its arms in front of the last huts.
village street, swaying, pressing upon and cutting the shoulders of
villages of any district and the number of fires in that district
villages with peasants and peasant women, gentlemen's country
vindicating the military powers of union soldiers and shaking the
vindictive toward Southern leaders and determined to make "treason
vinegar and Hoffman's drops.
vineyards and orange and olive orchards, rich sheep and cattle pastures
violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause,
violation of the Constitution of the United States and therefore null
violence and destructive doctrines, he held that "the organization of
violence: the whole plexus; the upper-arm type; and the lower-arm type.
violent effort to adduct the limb. A swelling forms in the upper and
violent twist of the foot. There is severe pain and considerable
violently, and the horse, flourishing its tail and extending its neck,
violin and now a horn, but better and clearer than violin or horn-
virtue of the closely knit organization of its business and finance, one
virtue of their official rank; of their dignified callings and
virtues, the seven vices, and the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit.
virtuous. She fell in love with Nicholas and does not wish to know
virulence of the toxins may prevent the leucocytes reacting, and
virulence of the toxins prevents reaction taking place, and leucocytosis
virus into the general circulation, and its being carried to all parts
visibility is infinite, and cannot be imagined otherwise. (2) Time
visible about a mile and a half off on the opposite heights. Down
visible and her sleepy breathing audible.
visible in the snow and a shovel had been left sticking in one of
visit him and waited in the lofty antechamber ante chamber just as the
visit his neglected estates at the same time and pick up his son
visit us, and above all it torments him for nothing. He may already
visited by the members of the French embassy and by many belonging
visited me and we had a preliminary talk about the reception of a
visited the Foundling Hospital and, allowing the orphans saved by
visiting all the places he meant to go to and where he had been
visiting those Kuragins and leading that sort of life. It suits you so
visitor and though all Pierre's interest was now centered in that
visitors and arranged about refreshments for the gentry and the serfs,
visitors was Mademoiselle Bourienne. She greeted the father and
visitors who came to congratulate, and who constantly succeeded one
visitors. Whole families of the Rostovs' and Bolkonskis' relations
vital organs, and then only in virtue of their situation--for example,
vitality in a dry condition, and even survive boiling for five minutes.
vitality, and with the addition of a little sepsis, readily necroses and
vitality, become incapable of regeneration, and are therefore unsuited
vive?"* and the click of a musket.
vivid, majestic, and unexpected; but what impressed Pierre most of all
vividly pictured herself as Prince Andrew's wife, and the scenes of
vodka and roast goose or suckling pig. But in nothing in the house was
voice and another now and then interrupted him. Princess Mary came out
voice as calm and aloof as his look.
voice that Pierre tried to reply, but his jaw trembled and he felt
voice that was now deep and now shrill:
voice, and Lieutenant Telyanin, a small officer of the same
voice, seizing the soldier by his round shoulders and throwing him
voice, the crowd moaned and heaved forward, but again paused.
voice, turning for a moment to the front line, and slightly swinging
voices in the crowd, and the people rushed toward the reader.
voices of visitors, and the soft steps of the footmen. At one end of
voices shouted and talked at the same time, so that Count Rostov had
voices sounded louder and calmer, the stretchers disappeared from
voices were but feebly heard amid the uproar and one saw by their
volume of paper currency was issued, and foreign aid was summoned.
voluntarily undertaken the debts and was obviously not guilty of
voluntary and passive movements.
vomiting, diminished secretion of the alimentary juices, and weakening
vomiting. The colour improves; the pulse becomes full and bounding; the
vote of three to one; and the third intolerable act by a vote of four to
vote, the House was morally bound to accept the popular judgment and
voted for, and of the number of votes for each; which list they shall
voters personally visited by men equipped with arguments and literature.
voters, but packed with his office holders and friends, he nominated
votes and fourteen of them were returned to the House of
votes into four parts and no one received a majority. Under the
voting for and against the bill shall be entered on the journal of each
vulgar. It was said that Rostopchin had expelled all Frenchmen and
wages and shorter hours, and prejudice the public against it. At every
wages, hours, safety rules, sanitation, recreation and other problems.
wages, to make contracts, to transact business, and to testify in the
wagon, piled high, leather covered, and hemmed in on all sides,
wagons." Other lines of travel were also crowded and with the passing
wailing and lamenting as they said good-by. A small watchdog ran round
waist, which often burns the skin and causes a chronic ulcer, and many
waistcoat, smoothed his hair, yawned, and followed Alpatych into the
wait which would take them to the Warsaw highroad, and from there they
waiting for and wished to convert, and she, smiling and shaking a
waiting for him to come up; Prince Bagration reined in his horse and
waiting for the beat. Only on horse back and in the mazurka was
waiting for you. Well, thank God!" and received her presents with
waiting in the passage, heard with fear and delight first the young
waiting to let her pass. She let the girl go in, and then listening at
waiting. Some walked thoughtfully up and down, others whispered and
walk, and in the distal portion of a bone which is the seat of an
walk, muttering indistinct words, shrugging his shoulders and
walked, whatever strange, unknown, and dangerous places he reaches,
walking backwards and kept glancing uneasily around.
walking straight toward him and evidently expecting him to bow or to
walking up and down the room past Alpatych who stood by the door, he
wall become contracted; later the muscles of the back and thorax are
wall had fallen in, the wooden roof was collapsing, and the rafters
wall, and, after eroding the ribs, to the pleura.
wall--_emigration of leucocytes_--and move towards the seat of
wallet on her back, and a short, long-haired, young man in a black
walls are less than in an artery, and so bleeding may continue for a
walls of serous cavities, and they usually run alongside blood
walls of some brick houses. Pierre gazed at the ruins and did not
want of conductivity in the nerve--and if the muscles have undergone
want some men to start a furnace forthwith; the iron, coal, and molders
want to," he said, not looking at Pierre and with a slight tremor of
want to," thought Pierre. "But this man knows the truth and, if he
wanted at that stage of the campaign. It would be difficult and even
wanted nothing from life but tranquillity, and that tranquillity
wanted to be agitated, Nicholas and his health would be the pretext,
wanted to kill her and had wounded some of her people. He rushed in
wanted was to see him and be with him," she said, trembling, and
wants anything and asks me, he won't get a refusal. When one has
war and have no pity for me. Why is it?"
war and not a game. As it is now, war is the favorite pastime of the
war and secretly regretting this, saw only the dark side.
war and the peace that had been concluded. "Yes, I have been much
war are spying, treachery, and their encouragement, the ruin of a
war does not fit in under any rule and is directly opposed to a
war supplies and without vast capital to furnish war finances, joined in
war that had been announced in a manifesto, and about the
war"; and, laughing contemptuously, went on into the room from which
war, and carry on diplomatic relations with foreign countries.
war, and that therefore there can be no such thing as a military
war. A terrible disaster befell Generals Arnold and Montgomery in the
warfare seemed to him absurd and barbarous--monstrous collisions in
warlike sound of steel on whetstone. He climbed onto the wagon and sat
warm fur coat and leaving to perish those who were not merely his
warm, then tidied up the things on the table and in his own corner,
warm, well-ventilated room, and the foot of the bed elevated. Cardiac
warmer. Elevation of the part, wrapping it in cotton wool, and removal
warning gesture and stood still in the dim light beneath the curtain
warning that an unlawful and inhumane act will be committed can possibly
warning to Germany and France was sufficient. This friendly English
warts, and fibroid tumours of the uterus. They produce no constitutional
was Kuragin. She turned and their eyes met. Almost smiling, he gazed
was Smolensk, toward which all their desires and hopes, enormously
was Speranski. Prince Andrew recognized him at once, and felt a
was a bad man, and that in the duel with Bezukhov, Pierre was right
was a bar to their return. All civil and military places under the
was a good thing to reduce their powers and pretensions. The
was a little different, more pungent, and one felt that this was where
was a pathetic expression of sorrow, prayer, and hope in it. As had
was a place and everything waiting for him in the Archives Department!
was a smell of alcohol, and sounds of voices and shouting in the
was a stern and reserved man, little given to seeking popularity.
was a strong and swift one. When he jumped up he did not run at
was accustomed to seek other joys, but she understood and loved in
was accustomed, to sleep on a hard sofa without undressing and eat the
was alive and only slightly bruised. On the basis of these necessarily
was all done casually in a moment of anger, of illness, and was
was all he thought about yesterday's ball, and after his morning tea
was already lost on the twenty-fourth, and obviously led to the loss
was also a distinct "personality." His discrimination between "good" and
was an incessant movement and buzz of voices. The chief magnates sat
was antipathetic to the Emperor and that the latter disliked his
was any reason to laugh, but because gaiety and mirth were in their
was as simple and natural as marrying a maiden had its effect on him
was asleep in his corner and woke him up. Rousing himself, Pierre
was asleep. He woke him up, told him to harness, and went into the
was at Krasnoe and at the Berezina (in both cases we had superior
was at Smolensk and thought only of how to advance farther, though
was awaiting Denisov, who had gone out somewhere and with whom he
was awaiting the Emperor's arrival and the beginning of a new
was aware of her beauty and fearful because of it. Her face struck
was based on his virtue and genius. Lanfrey, a Republican, says it was
was being bombarded by a hundred and thirty guns which Napoleon had
was being drawn up and, with the aid of the Code Napoleon and the
was being said, thought, and felt that day by its rider.
was boiling and where the steward's high bedstead stood with its
was both pleasant and flattering to him.
was brought to Napoleon. He mounted it and rode at a gallop to one
was busy with a project to connect Georgetown and Cumberland when
was called so, and was himself convinced that he was so, and therefore
was charred and had shaped itself like a mushroom.
was common in post-boys, from the repeated flexion and extension of the
was conscious of the movement of his lips and the snuffling of his
was conscious that another line of thought had sprung up, and while
was considered bad in the Pavlograd regiment and, when given an order,
was contented and cheerful in her own separate--probably foolish-
was dashing straight at them, when suddenly, clinking his spurs and
was dead! That's how it was, dear fellows!" Karataev concluded and sat
was dead. All that he saw and heard seemed to confirm this terror.
was descending brightly upon the Danube and the dark hills around
was destined to pass under the rule of the Dutch, and finally under the
was directed to--Pierre and Helene. Prince Vasili mimicked the sobbing
was disturbed by this influx of farmers and frontiersmen. To speak of
was drawing up childish and mendacious plans of how he would have made
was driven from its usual channels and prices were enhanced. When the
was dying and was already half dead. He was conscious of an
was electric. By hurried and irregular methods delegates were elected
was embarrassed, not wishing to avail himself of their courtesy, and
was equally impossible to George III and the majority in Parliament. To
was expected within a few days. Princess Mary and the old prince
was firm and clear. The Monroe Doctrine, it said, even if not so widely
was firmly persuaded that he wished for peace and intended to enter
was flushed and his eyes gleamed with resolution and anger.
was formed and the war with Russia begun by the will of one man,
was formed on Pfuel's plan, and there was no intention of retiring
was formerly the source of much confusion in diagnosis, and it was
was fought and where the obvious disintegration of the French army
was fresh and dewy. A herd of cattle was being driven along the road
was full of joy and happiness. On receiving the order he gave his
was gay because she had been sad too long and now nothing reminded her
was generally some old and evidently precious memory of his
was glad he noticed this. But he looked at me with vexation and jumped
was going on before him and around him and was supposed to be directed
was great on the bridge of Arcola, and in the hospital at Jaffa
was happening and at any cost correct, or remedy, the mistake if he
was happening. We kept wetweating and wetweating. Did you take part in
was hard alike on the lazy, the depraved, and the weak, and tried to
was heard speaking all the time and the sound of his words was as
was heard with respect and his pleas were rejected. The bill passed both
was heard, and out of the foggy darkness the figure of a sergeant of
was his animated and enthusiastic appearance that made her glad.
was hurt that he should be angry with her without any reason, and
was ill and did not leave his study.
was impossible to expect anything else from a blind and depraved old
was in Moscow and living in her house--which had not been burned--in
was in his voice a sincerity and weakness Pierre had never observed in
was in reality a good general, useful as an adviser and ready at
was informed of it I let him know how much I disapproved of it and
was large and of an old pattern. The French swarming round their
was large. In Virginia, Kentucky, Missouri, and Tennessee it was greater
was left alone and involuntarily witnessed what was taking place on
was looking inquiringly at him and watching to see how he would behave
was lying on his back propped up high, and his small bony hands with
was merely a circumstance, and Davout could have shot him without
was moving under a strong escort to Smolensk. Besides Denisov and
was much wrinkled and his eyes deep set. His hair had evidently been
was necessary for ratification. The sentiment for and against the treaty
was necessary to order an attack, and it was fixed for the fifth of
was negligible. It was practically unenforced by President Harrison and
was no cause for his ill-humor. But today she quite forgot that and
was no hope of soon taking part in a battle and had come to Moscow
was no longer with the same troops and baggage trains with which it
was no more, and he shouted, 'Fool!' He was greatly depressed. From
was no test. Rovers on the deep and stragglers in the ports of both
was not in it, and she could not and did not know how to do anything
was not submitted to popular vote, and on the point of numbers we have
was now a rich man who had risen to high honors and no longer sought
was now at an end, all was in confusion and crumbling to pieces,
was now nursing. She had grown stouter and broader, so that it was
was on the chief topic of the day: the illness of the wealthy and
was only a momentary feeling and Count Rostopchin smiled
was only joking," he said, smiling shyly and trying to efface his
was orderly to the bravest general, and still more, he was going
was pale. Rostov ran toward him and said something.
was particularly cold, stern, and above all unpleasantly logical.
was perfumed and his hair pomaded.
was planted in 1761 and that the great Pontiac conspiracy was formed two
was played, and that the power he was supposed to hold was no longer
was possible when all were flying and perishing and not a single
was produced. The disability varies in different cases, and it may
was punished once about some plums? You were all dancing, and I sat
was quick and positive. The legislatures of the Southern states, while
was quivering faster than before and his face seemed petrified in
was reading the letter. He went on tiptoe to the nursery door and
was ready to go all lengths and was prepared to sacrifice
was received skeptically. Everybody expected some prank from her and
was represented as a brilliant victory over the French, and so the
was required, interrupted his wife's remarks and touched on the
was reserved and patient, little given to exaltation at success or
was resolute, calm, and animatedly alert, as never before. The
was rest, tranquillity, and freedom. But when he had been on the
was right and that he had long been sinning against himself.
was sad and painful for him to talk to Tikhon who did not understand
was said of them, and they were thrown over the parapet and removed
was said to be receiving no one, and instead of the celebrated
was saying something to Tikhon, speaking of the Crimea and its warm
was saying was even more clever and to the point, but it was evident
was saying, and he looked on without interfering. Karataev thanked the
was saying. He did not stay more than ten minutes, then rose and
was seized by an unreasoning springtime feeling of joy and renewal.
was senseless and unattainable.
was silent and seemed confused. The prince asked her about her father,
was silent, still looking derisively at him and evidently not
was simple: "The Southern states are still in the union and it is the
was sitting and dropped onto it, covering his face with his hand.
was sitting by her sister at the tea table, and reluctantly, without
was sitting in a conspicuous place and talking to him like a
was sitting. The curtains were drawn, and a single candle was
was smacking his lips in his sleep and breathing evenly.
was so dark in the forest... and he had such kind... No, I can't
was so strong there that Rostov held his nose and had to pause and
was some painted cardboard representing trees, and at the back was a
was speaking to, and saw the quartermaster, Topcheenko.
was still unspent, weighed on his heart and poisoned the artificial
was strange and ridiculous to meet objections from Russian generals
was strangely and agreeably struck by the fact that there was
was suffering and knew that only time could help him.
was suffering and wished to say something. But what it was, no one
was suggested that employers and employees should lay their disputes
was talking too loudly and vehemently with the abbe, so she hurried to
was that his former stern and determined expression had altered to one
was the bustle and thrill of suspense usual at such moments. Outside
was the first Napoleon did not win. The profoundest and most excellent
was the story of a girl who had been seduced, and to whom her poor
was the view of the battlefield itself, of Borodino and the hollows on
was the way he referred to the Emperor) "need only say the word and
was time for him to come back to gladden and comfort his old parents.
was to promote trade and commerce, affecting directly their daily bread.
was too far separated from our right flank and the cavalry were all
was transferred to that "dark and bloody ground"; while to the
was very glad and wished to entertain him. It seemed as if I chattered
was very pretty and sweet, and evidently deeply in love with him,
was watching and it creaked very slightly as she disappeared behind
was weak and inapt but she attained her object. The conversation was
was wearing a woman's cloak and had a shawl tied woman fashion round
was weary of it and it was not at all what he wanted. He turned away
was whipped at the post and fined as well.
was with Natasha she was not vexed with her and did not reproach
was won at Paris, and Benjamin Franklin was the hero of the occasion,
was worse today, and that his excellency was not receiving anyone.
was! When did that end and when did this new, terrible state of things
was, however, redeemed by his kindly, simple, and modest expression.
was, nor what was going on before her. As she looked and thought,
was: "You'll die and all will end. You'll die and know all, or cease
washed, perfumed, and powdered in just the same way. She had washed
washing with saline solution or eusol, and the surrounding skin painted
washing, and meekly putting on her shabbiest dress and an old
waste, and within from three to five days, they cease to react to the
waste, folly, and corruption. The "reconstruction" assembly of South
wasted and weak, and are subject to twitchings. There are also trophic
wasted. Their squadron remained in reserve and Nicholas Rostov spent
watch. He was not sleepy and it was still not nearly morning. It was
watched from the various roads by the fugitive Muscovites and by the
watched him smilingly, and he rode off by the winding path down the
watchhouse in silence and frowning angrily.
watching the count and Marya Dmitrievna. Natasha kept pulling everyone
water and fixed over the fomentation, by retaining the heat, obviates
water and found homes in the American wilderness at the opening of the
water communication between Lake Erie and the Ohio River through a rich
water to one side. The soldiers' faces were more and more clearly
water works, telephone, and street railway companies under the
water, and he could not jest with them.
water, commit crime, die, or perform deeds of highest heroism, and
water, flaying dead horses, and so on, soon showed a great liking
waters around Great Britain would be deemed a war zone and that every
waters of the Allegheny, and Fort Duquesne at the junction of the
waters. The hint was sufficient. The Kaiser accepted the proposal and
waterways; and the day is not far distant when stock-raising must be
wave and his forehead became smooth again, he bowed his head
wave may be detected passing both up and down the vein.
wave may be detected--_fluctuation_--and when present this is a certain
waves of the great movement abate, and on the calm surface eddies
waving their arms. Then some other people ran in and began dragging
way and there is the formation of exuberant granulations and of
way be suddenly destroyed by severe trauma, and undergo mummification.
way for him, but again pressed on him so that they jammed his leg, and
way from here, and there's nobody living in it."
way into the middle of the group, listened, and convinced himself that
way of American railways and American vessels. So the railway builder
way of these men, and he would have got clear had they continued at
way that provisions are supplied and the routes indicated," said
way the action began for the first, second, and third columns, which
way to the surface by the easiest anatomical route, and discharges
way to the very frontier of civilization and wrote books to inform or
way, and lead to wide destruction of skin, and the resulting sinuses and
way, and rudely breaking the frost-bound stillness, the troykas
way. But I succeeded in uniting them all; and then my idea is so clear
way. Lay me down like a stone, O God, and raise me up like a loaf," he
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
we are examining and the judgment upon it, that period will be finite,
we are told, Napoleon attacked this advanced post and took it, and, on
we arm ourselves against our teachers and divinities? Look at our
we could not think how to address the reply! If not as 'Consul' and of
we could. 'We've lost, so let us run,' and we ran. If we had not
we examined simple actions and had a vast number of such actions under
we had made peace and had again quarreled with Bonaparte and had
we have seen, formed local unions in the large cities. Between 1830 and
we have the _small round-celled_ and the _large round-celled_ sarcoma,
we occupy is a strong one, and while they are marching to go round
we recognize in it more individuality, originality, and
we're getting it still worse," said Nesvitski. "But sit down and
weak had long since been left behind and only the flower of the
weak. The tongue is dry and brown. There is profuse sweating,
weaker. He has become thinner and more nervous. I am anxious about him
weakness, tiredness, stiffness, and inability to use the limb, these
weakness..." She did not finish. "Leave my room," she exclaimed, and
wealth and connections he belonged to the groups old and honored
wealth and independence of the province.
wealth and numbers."
wealth and population of the North. Texas, it was said, could be divided
wealth and population. Of this the British made good use. Though early
wealth of Moscow and the strength of its plunderers was destroyed. But
wealth. Between 1783 and 1829, eleven states were added to the original
wealthier match for Andrew. And they all struggled and suffered and
wealthy, deserted city with its comforts and plentiful supplies. As
weapon is discharged, and the part of the body struck.
wearing a fur coat girt with a silver belt, and a sable cap jauntily
wearing a gray peasant coat and a white knitted cap.
wearing down and total disappearance of the ends of the bones is the
wearing the white Horse Guard's cap and a military overcoat with a
wearisome Christmas congratulations from neighbors and servants, and
weather had cleared up, and near the next hut two officers and a cadet
weather, or touched on questions of health, sometimes in Russian and
weather, the hounds, and the huntsman that he was being carried away
weather. "The weather is beautiful, Princess; and besides, in Moscow
weavers, wagon-makers, and potters at neighboring towns supplied him
weeks and did not once mount a horse to inspect his
weeks and give 0.6 grm. on two more successive weeks.
weeks and was expected back every minute.
weeks or even months, and prove fatal from exhaustion and waxy disease
weeks, and the wound may be quite healed before the disease declares
weeks. In the course of the reparative process the tendon and its sheath
weep, and worldly cares took possession of her.
weeping childlike, kindly, and almost happy tears.
weighed all the circumstances, concluded that the battle was lost, and
weight and dignity to the chief executive of the nation, as symbols of
weight of the body. Scoliosis is the usual type of spinal curvature, and
weight of the hanging body, and how the workman sat down, his head
weight to Adams and assured his triumph, much to the chagrin of
weight, and he raised his hand to his white Horse Guard's cap with a
weights upon the shoulder it may be contused, and the resulting
weighty and intricate to be managed with any tolerable degree of
weighty and uninterrupted as the booming on the battlefield, but
welcomed by his comrades, was sent to obtain remounts and brought back
welcomed by his home circle as the best of sons, a hero, and their
welcomed his Serene Highness with the cross at the church, and she
welcomed them to spheres of wider usefulness, and declared that the
well and seem to see before me as I write?
well as in the forests and fields of the West.
well as in their phagocytic action, and in the course of destroying the
well educated and clever. This is all that his foreign education has
well known for his views on the bank, the tariff, and internal
well now! One, two!..." said Pierre, and a silence followed:
well or firmly in the saddle. The battalions shouted "Hurrah!" and
well that Daniel and I are often quite astounded," said Simon, well
well!" and he turned to go.
well, and..."
well," he said in answer to Pierre's question, and smiled.
well-being of all--the food, clothing, and shelter of the whole people.
well-fed, and comfortable horse, Viflyanka, which was turning gray,
well-settled and industrious community, its admission to the union was
well-supplied district and the parallel road was open to him along
well.... You say: join our brotherhood and we will show you the aim of
went about the rooms fashionably dressed but looking sad and dull.
went and lay down to sleep beside his companions.
went before Congress and urged the passage of the suffrage amendment to
went forward. Karay, his hair bristling, and probably bruised or
went from bad to worse until some "boys and young fellows" began to
went into effect. The German army was in rapid retreat and
went nearer and saw that the lamp stood on a black table on which
went northward; for freemen, unaccustomed to slavery and slave markets,
went on, addressing his son and patting Pierre on the shoulder. "A
went on, turning to Magnitski and interrupting his story. "We have
went past, when some troops retreated, and when great masses of the
went silently up to Natasha who had come out with him and looked shyly
went there and found two thirds of the men and horses knocked out, two
went through the conservatories, the serfs' quarters, and the
went to Moscow because he wanted to, and perished because Alexander
went to the mirror, and gazed a long time at his own face. Then he
went up to Balashev and with a slight smile, as confidently,
went up to Pierre, pale and with shining, radiant eyes.
went up to her daughter and touched her head with the back of her hand
went, seeing only the borzois and the hare and fearing only to lose
wept too. They wept because they were friends, and because they were
were "to protect the weak, the innocent, and the defenceless from the
were Indians, growing more and more hostile as the frontier advanced and
were Prince Vasili and the generals, had the benefit of the
were Puritan leaders and men of affairs whom King Charles I incorporated
were acting strongly and nearing an eruption.
were agreed that the foreigner should be taught to speak and write the
were alike familiar and his own. The blue-gray bandy legged dog ran
were all hugging him, and the serfs, men and maids, flocked into the
were all looking at the field of battle as he was, and, as it seemed
were all silent. The glow spread, rising and failing, farther and
were almost impossible, and costly at best. Nails, bolts of cloth, tea,
were already close to the wall, and from the gallery resounded the
were also borrowed from France and small sums from Holland and Spain. In
were also cast Dutch, Swedes, French, Jews, Welsh, and Irish. Thousands
were always some. Then she had dinner, a substantial and appetizing
were among the prettiest. They were both particularly happy and gay.
were angels somewhere there, and have been here, and that is why we
were appointed by the king, and its faith and service were set forth by
were being imposed on him which he could not fulfill, and pleased
were being more and more denuded by Russian troops moving down the
were binding the West to the East and turning the traffic from New
were bold enough to speak and write against the Revolution were
were both fresh, rosy, and bright. Sonya ran away, but Natasha, taking
were brought in by the Dorogomilov gate and taken to various parts
were building shelters with merry chatter and laughter; around the
were built county committees and then the larger colonial committees,
were burned, the cross-ties entirely destroyed, and the rails bent and
were called upon to supervise the ships sailing to and from our ports;
were carried forward--and you did not look at the other page."
were contests over the apportionment of taxes and the quotas of troops
were declared to be in the interest of the crown and for the
were deported to Nizhni by boat, and Rostopchin had said to them in
were detached and feeble actions in comparison with what took place in
were distinctly heard. "I thank you all for your hard and faithful
were false. He was happy to be seeing him. He knew that he might and
were fitted out secretly in American ports. Arms and supplies were
were forests of different kinds, fields, and villages.
were going and should have heard the sobs. It seems as though
were gone. In earlier days, a man who began with a pick and shovel might
were harassed and worried by the guerrilla warriors of Marion, Sumter,
were heard from the crowd around, and at the same moment a mounted
were his friends and neighbors.... Because of the proportions which
were holding the horses. Balaga took his seat in the front one and
were jealousies between the planting states and the commercial states.
were kindly they did not look at Pierre and did not know him.
were large, unquestionably larger than strict justice required and it is
were late, gave vent to a little abuse, and at last gave it all up and
were looking with tender affection and pity at Mademoiselle
were made to sell the stamps. They sacked and burned the residences of
were making their way from all sides out of Moscow, and balancing
were making their way with gun and ax, nearly everything that happened
were many and varied; but they included the prevention of extortion by
were many officers and generals in full parade uniform, whom he had to
were married and so further increased the fame of these dances. What
were momentous. By the peace of 1763, Canada and the territory east of
were no business of his, and that he was not called on to judge
were none of those uncertain and undefined money relations with his
were not conferring together were pale and perturbed. They were not
were not consecutive and clear but only the feeling that prompted
were not on the far side of the streams and hollows of Sokolnitz and
were offset by Perry's victory on Lake Erie and a decisive blow
were often attacked and sometimes burned to the ground. Garrison himself
were on the lookout for him, and when they caught sight of a figure in
were out of humor and dissatisfied with the affair, and so did not
were passing. The whistling sound of the runners on the snow and the
were plates of raisins, walnuts, and almonds. The governesses were
were powerless and appealed for aid. The mine owners rejected the
were proud of him and loved him. But he was kind and gentle only to
were provincials, and the very people they had entertained in Moscow
were put up for elections in the early thirties and in a few cases were
were received as very witty, and at every opportunity he uttered in
were reverently devoted to him presented a majestic and agreeable
were romping with a young bear, one pulling him by the chain and
were shouting something loudly and incoherently. A gallant-looking
were sitting or lying on the floor. He was telling me something, and I
were so agonizingly, incessantly pulling and pressing his arm and
were spread over a period of four years, and make a handsome profit for
were still five men between him and Dolokhov with his bluish-gray
were tears in Rostov's eyes. Princess Mary noticed this and glanced
were the African negroes brought to America and sold into slavery. When
were the first Anglo-Saxons to encounter aridity, and they were baffled
were the holy relics, the arms, ammunition, gunpowder, and stores of
were then in love, though less ecstatically, with their Tsar and the
were there--George Washington and Patrick Henry from Virginia and John
were there. They all seemed dissatisfied and uneasy. Pierre went up to
were thrown out of employment. The government had sown folly and was
were to be severe with her and to forbid it... goodness knows what
were to come in line with them, 102 guns in all, were to open fire and
were to control the development of Porto Rico and the Philippines. The
were to meet. He sat in the caleche, dozing and waking up by turns,
were told so (on the contrary their superior officers, and Napoleon
were too advanced for the members of his party in Congress, and where
were true, but I do not believe it. I have no right to, and can't,
were uttered that his remarks were too enthusiastic and emphatic for
were vain and both halves of the door noiselessly opened. It
were vast Indian frontiers of the state of Georgia, unsettled and almost
were very much exposed--and she seemed to bring the glamour of a
were whining and whistling so stimulatingly around him and his horse
were, and where the French, he did not know. There was no one near.
were, his personal power and strength, affirming the existence of a
werful an engine could be designed for so inadequate a purpose. The walls were of wood, but the floor consisted of a large iron trough, and when I came to examine it I could see a crust of metallic deposit all over it. I had stooped and was scraping at this to see exactly what it was when I heard a muttered exclamation in German and saw the cadaverous face of the colonel looking down at me.
westward as far as Gaul, across the Mediterranean, and eastward into
westward. In 1812 it reaches its extreme limit, Moscow, and then, with
wet ground. The Cossacks saw that his arms and legs jerked rapidly
what Fabvier told him of the heroism and devotion of his troops
what I have experienced. Joseph Alexeevich is living poorly and has
what direction to fire and where cavalry should gallop and infantry
what happened. It is very difficult to tell the truth, and young
what has passed as not having occurred and an understanding between us
what he meant by the words all is over, "and the count's papers are
what he wanted to say and nodded approval.
what he wanted to say and solved the question that tormented him.
what he wanted. He was lifted up, carried to his study, and laid on
what he was about; yet they beat him a plate couture,*[3] and where
what he was saying was out of place, tactless and unsuitable, that
what he would say when killing Napoleon. "Well then, take me and
what is good for humanity. This assumption is all the more natural and
what is happening to us--but it is very strange and pleasant
what is unintelligible and can therefore bear no fruit. I never
what it might be she did not know, and this alarmed and tormented her.
what the seventh virtue was and could not recall it.
what the universal historians do, and consequently they not only
what this movement means, what caused it, and what force produced
what was being done was not his adjutant's fault, and still not
what was coming, and turning to her mother:
what was flattering--quite simply and naturally.
what was going on at the staff at headquarters and to consider means
what we have brought away.... The icons, and my dowry bed, all the
what would happen to him and still more afraid of showing his fear. He
what you don't know! Be so good as to ride to General Barclay and
what you hear; hammering and knocking--that's bad; but a sound of
what you see? You see a reign of goodness and truth on earth, but I
what's one to do?" and, having given his order, he returned to
whatever kind, women of necessity had to make public appeals and take
whatnots, cupboards, and little tables. The quilt of a high, white
wheals, or vesicles, and is associated with burning sensations and
wheat and coal and to take almost any steps necessary to prevent
wheat and had returned dusty with flour whitening their carts--on that
wheatfields of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. A steel net wove North and
wheel and a man's leg.
when Bagration was killed and nine tenths of the men of our left flank
when Natasha's engagement had been broken off... and then
when any battle must be horrible and senseless--was the very time to
when grasped between the fingers appears to be in size and consistence
when he could get more rewards by doing nothing on the staff, and
when he had most strongly expressed his insincere love for her, and he
when he said to Kutuzov: 'Your Emperor and the Fatherland award you
when he was an illegitimate son, and petted and extolled when he was
when it had surrounded the French on three sides and when its aim
when it is passively extended, and disappears when the muscle is thrown
when operating in infective cases or dressing infected wounds, and in
when placed under favourable conditions survives and becomes
when she and Countess Mary spoke of Prince Andrew (she never mentioned
when she was alone, and after that often came again.
when she was with him and he was looking at her with a lover's eyes.
when the blood pressure is raised, as in crying, and if the tumour is
when the forces of disorder are loose and the wreckers with their false
when the knee is extended, and becomes softer and more prominent when it
when the new case is incapable of resisting the strain put upon it, and
when the skin is irritated it may ulcerate and fungate. The treatment
when the strength of that impetus was exhausted and no fresh push
when the youthful Speranski was at the zenith of his fame and his
when their leave permits had been passed at the town gate and they had
when they all came out into the frost and got into the sleighs,
when they saw Rostov's rapid, firm steps and resolute, frowning face.
when this is done. The child cannot believe that the strongest and
whence came sounds of shrieks and laughter. The small, muddy, green
where also some campfires were smoking and something black was
where and why, along the passage leading to the rooms on the ground
where crowds of people had rapturously greeted and followed him.
where he alone had withdrawn his column unbroken and had all day
where he got his wound. This pleased Rostov and he began talking about
where he had ridden out at the head of the Guards, in his casque and
where he smoked, and who owned some splendid horses.
where he soon won a name as a fearless and intrepid Indian fighter. On
where he was and what was expected of him. When he was informed that
where the Moskva River is, and we have thrown up three redoubts there,
where the prices of corn and hogs fixed his earnings for the year.
where the profundity and genius of this movement lay, for not much
where the rivals suddenly recognized one another; and the ladies
where there was a tattered sofa, a worn carpet, and portraits of
where there was to be fighting in a few days, and chiefly because
where they were going, and that much that was painful and difficult
where they were, and that if they would let him have a convoy of a
where they, were in their cabins and work for daily wages instead of
where those not taught at home could receive instruction in reading and
where we are really going in the darkness, and that we shall arrive
where you are--at the heart of affairs and of the world--is the talk
where; consume your provisions; exhaust your stores; and leave you at
whereby shipowners and other persons of means furnished the passage
wherever the hussar regiment went and his jealousy had become a
whether N. and S. were members of our lodge (a question to which I
whether he had really been there the night before and really seen
whether he was still firm in his intention and determined to submit to
whether the Russians had not withdrawn, and was told that the
whether they were right or wrong. As to the French disorders and
whetstone, and suddenly Petya heard an harmonious orchestra playing
which Berg was a member. He remembered how carefully and at what
which Dolokhov had composed for Anatole, and as she read it she
which Prince Andrew had gone and made the sign of the cross in his
which Russian towns were left to him, and had not received a single
which after his sleepless night he had not the slightest doubt, and
which all the historians give, from the compilers of memoirs and the
which are carried away in the blood or lymph stream undergo necrosis and
which are everted and moist. Any stitches that may have been introduced
which are met with in the mamma and ovary. A characteristic feature of
which are usually depressed and adherent to the bone.
which arise from that occupation. Their methods and their culture,
which become elongated and spindle-shaped, and produce in and around
which bore fruit under the administrations of Taft and Wilson in laws
which bursts and forms one or more sinuses. It may be difficult to
which by their growth and proliferation fill up the gap with young
which crawled between the infantry and cavalry and took up its
which depend upon infective or toxic conditions and in which no gross
which did not arrive. The French, avoiding the Russians, dispersed and
which does not yield to blistering, the periosteum may be incised and
which eats into and replaces the articular cartilage. Clinically, the
which eventually sloughs and leaves an ulcer. Certain forms of
which feels it is perishing and does not know what it is doing. To
which had brought about the truce between the North and the South, in
which had drafted a temporary plan early in 1776, drew up a new and more
which had grown restive under him, and plunged into the water, heading
which had laid the world "in blood and ashes." Instead of praising the
which had long before developed between the Pacific ports and Hawaii,
which has given rise to the loose bodies, and it is exceptional to meet
which he had already passed. Through the terrible and deafening roar
which he had composed, and to which he was trying to fit music:
which he had ready in his mind, of all he knew and had seen. But the
which he loved; and he knew more than one thing about each of them
which he saw turrets and a church. What need to hurry? What was he now
which he was conscious. After receiving communion and unction he
which he was fond--and songs. He did not sing like a trained singer
which he was trustee. This Marshal was Count Ilya Rostov, and in the
which her dancing shoes showed, and in her mother's dressing jacket,
which his talk was full, were for the most part not the coarse and
which if neglected may lead to the formation of fissures and superficial
which influenced the whole army and directed it along the Mozhaysk
which is defective in animal fat, proteids, and salts of lime, or which
which is otherwise healthy, and it may be innocent or malignant.
which is probably incapable of spontaneous recovery, and which can only
which is the more free the more abstract its interests, and his
which is the salt of mirth, and they were not even aware that such a
which is the very essence of the soul and does not require an
which it occurs, and of an effort on the part of these tissues to
which it took origin, forms between the fascia and the overlying skin.
which it used to be so easy to live. I'm pretty, I'm young, and I know
which may attain a considerable size, and may be mistaken for a sarcoma,
which may be demonstrated in the exudate in the joint and in the
which may be either sessile or pedunculated, and its surface is smooth
which may bring about permanent safety and peace to China, preserve
which may result in sloughing of fasciae and tendons. When the infection
which menaced the planting interest. As the former grew in magnitude and
which might be paid to women and children. Oregon, the following year,
which might be seized and confiscated. In the second place, it was
which occurs in old people, and some forms of cancer in the rectum--are
which our army and our forces now are, and then..."
which radiated from his whole being (and which struck Pierre
which result from burns sustained early in childhood and have never
which severe headache and paralysis are the most prominent.
which she had entered. She knew it to be necessary, and though it
which she had received from Paris, and advised Natasha to have one
which she received all Petersburg, proud of her unapproachability and
which the arteries, veins, and capillaries are all involved. It is met
which the chief symptoms are pulsation in the orbit and protrusion of
which the man was placed whose action is being judged, and according
which the more this person expresses opinions, predictions, and
which the planters, with all their skill and energy, could hardly
which the raw surface is painted with undiluted carbolic acid and
which the troops had stood and were standing, but a moral victory that
which their friends ascribed to discriminations against them in law and
which there was no wind to carry away. A pleasant humming and
which these nations and humanity at large are tending.
which they aimed in ordinary life. Often after collecting alms, and
which they are derived, and partly because the new connective tissue
which they develop, and the free lymphatic circulation by means of which
which they had started. The colonel and some of his men got across and
which to his amazement had gained him the St. George's Cross and
which to try historic characters and events; let us say that Alexander
which unites the deepest bass with the shrillest tenor, and round
which was Papa, which Natasha, and which Petya. Everyone shouted,
which was a dramshop, came drunken shouts and songs. On benches
which was a lie, and worse than a lie? I am guilty and must
which was almost exclusively their own. Wool and flax were raised in
which was animated by the beauty of the morning and by his talk with
which was blazing briskly. The walls were all on fire and the back
which was concerned with the relation between church and state. They
which was lying on the table and went out of his study by the other
which was pitched that day on the steep left bank of the Niemen, and
which was ruining Europe; to the generals and old soldiers that the
which were let down for them with a clatter, and then walked hurriedly
which were placed one on another, and was dragging some garments
which, as in all practical matters, nothing can be defined and
which, swelling, growing, rolling, and blending, extended over the
which, though distant now, still aroused terror, and besides this
which, without spoiling his face, gave him a peculiar vivacity and
whiff of fresh air, and a new white sphinx appeared, standing at the
while Mitenka stood in front of him also listening and smiling.
while being moved, and the probing of his wound at the dressing
while drying it at the fire and how they had laughed at him.
while in the ligaments and peri-articular structures it leads to the
while nearer still, in the hollows and woods, there burst from the
while the historians of culture evade it and answer something quite
while their daughters went away to college and prepared for teaching.
while they were judging, what with one thing and another, filling in
while time is infinite, and so in this respect too there can never
while. The night was dark and damp. They could not see the horses, but
whim of his own, goodness only knows why, he leaves me and locks me up
whim, and did not dare absent himself for any length of time, except
whims and secret ill-will, and helped Nicholas to conceal their
whip hanging over his shoulder by a thin strap. He sat heavily and
whip, and of something giving way; sometimes a distant snap is heard.
whipped and pulled at his horse. Natasha sat easily and confidently on
whippers-in. Besides the family, there were eight borzoi kennelmen and
whirring in rapid flight and alighting on the ground, a shell
whiskers rode up to the gate and, glancing at Prince Andrew,
whisper and they immediately reverted to general matters. No jokes, or
whisper, then pointed to the quilt. The eyes and face of the sick
whispered something to a companion. Dolokhov got up and called to
whispered the name hastily), "is in Russia, and in the army again.
whispers among his generals and marshals at the rear of his suite.
whispers, and, whenever anyone went into or came from the dying
whistled, and again glanced at Prince Andrew. As often occurs with old
whistling all around, and he experienced tenfold the joy of living, as
whistling and the sound of a torban, drowned every now and then by
white adjutants and asked some question--"Most likely he is asking
white and others like them walking singly across the field shouting
white as paper and not so much smell as a whiff of gunpowder.'"
white blood cells with a small proportion of fibrin, and, being
white manhood suffrage in the North had been swept away and the woman's
white parts assuming a livid red hue and becoming the seat of an acute
white swelling met with in joints, and with a similar tendency to
white teeth fiercely and spurring his black thoroughbred Arab, which
white--as white as birchbark--and some of them are such fine
white-plumed hat, tilted to one side, disclosed his curled and pomaded
whites glittering and rolling as he waved his sheathed saber in a
who appeared at his call. "Hurry off and tell Maksim, the gardener, to
who approached him, and kissed him, weeping.
who can order bread to be brought up at the right time and say who
who cannot mount a horse, who drops asleep at a council, and has the
who could hear the voice of Patrick Henry and Samuel Adams, there were a
who drew his sword under the elm at Cambridge and took command of the
who grow big beards as soon as they are of age and go on unchanged
who had a large estate in Orel province, and he occupied a temporary
who had assailed the labor and the homes of the people. William Jennings
who had been sitting there with her other children, and he asked
who had driven the old prince to town returned bringing papers and
who had formed the circle of her contemporaries and had once been a
who had known him before, and despite his abhorrence of the civil
who had lolled in Anna Pavlovna's easy chairs and with half-closed
who had round him, telling them what he knew and listening to their
who had run up and was looking down on the stretcher.
who had seen it in Paris, quite clear and very pleasing.
who have irregular, sharp-cornered teeth. At a later period, and in
who he was, when and where he was born, and so on. Then he was again
who knew anything of American history, traditions, and ideals. Official
who knew everything, could do anything, and was known to all Moscow-
who knows his job does when turning up his sleeves and putting on
who lived centuries ago and are connected with me in time cannot
who persisted in buying British goods were summoned and warned or
who ran downstairs and looked over from the halfway landing.
who recover may ultimately show no trace of rickets, and this is
who rejects all knowledge that does not come from Him; and the less we
who repudiated free silver and made a direct appeal for the conservative
who saw nothing in Freemasonry but the external forms and
who shall flee from justice, and be found in another State, shall on
who so remembered everything and everybody at last and had
who stood in the midst of the group, without a coat, and with his fine
who takes the least direct share in the action and directs his
who then surrounded Napoleon, and he himself, thought otherwise.
who till then had been the laughingstock both of the French and the
who was able to bargain and wait. This led him, accordingly, to accept
who was already secretly married (as Pierre knew), and should be so in
who was behind him and to whom he had not spoken since the previous
who was evidently pleased with his military designation and rank. He
who was evidently wiser than his general, goes up to Auersperg and
who were subjected to governors and judges appointed by the crown and
who were walking, driving past, and settling down all around. The
who with aid from Virginia seized Kaskaskia and Vincennes and secured
who yet was dependent on her and living in her house. She felt sorry
who, angry and frightened, strode energetically along with downcast
who, by art and science, had conquered the aridity of the desert and
who, when convinced that war was coming, read Caesar's _Commentaries_ and
whole and the states are the best judges of their particular interest,"
whole army and at headquarters most joyful though erroneous rumors
whole army bewails it and calls down curses upon him...
whole becomes enormously swollen and unshapely.
whole corps, which Bennigsen and others may have had in view; nor
whole days, weeks, and months of his life passed in as great a rush
whole heart and felt a desire somehow to explain to them that all that
whole house was scrubbed and cleaned on Saturdays; neither she nor the
whole month and this is the first time I have seen him in society.
whole month of arduous melancholy service to Julie, and of seeing
whole of Russian society and to the whole world.
whole of the bite should at once be excised, and crystals of
whole of this retreat during the finest period of summer and with
whole place and the warm air heated by the crowd, Natasha little by
whole responsibility for what happened, and his darkened mind found
whole soul, and for that very reason had understood and assimilated
whole town is singing their praises and I don't even know then!"
whom Prince Andrew knew, and who was called Tit. He was saying,
whom everyone had forgotten--gazed at Pierre with even greater and
whom he introduced. The Abbe Morio and many others had also come.
whom he knew in society mostly as weak and insignificant men. Under
whom he missed. Marya Dmitrievna met him and told him that Natasha had
whom he passed it. Pierre began to feel a sense of uneasiness, and the
whom some officials, seminarists, and gentry were mingled, had gone
whom they could not see (he lay wrapped in a greatcoat) rose and
whom were evidently in the village itself and behind the hill. To
whose aid and advice to seek. Had my benefactor been here he would
whose claim to their estates rested upon the title of conquest and
whose feet perspire freely, who wear ill-fitting shoes, and who cut
whose sake an exception was being made and that his presence made them
whose sole offense was opposition to the government of kings and
why I do not begin, sire, because we are not on parade and not on
why it would be inconvenient, unseemly, and impossible to do so.
why military writers, and following them others, consider this flank
why she had said it, and they all felt awkward.
why those severed arms and legs and those dead men?... Then again he
why, for what cause, kind and noble beings able to find happiness in
wick, and she saw Prince Andrew clearly with his arms outside the
wide and diversified area and knit together by efficient means of
wide sleeves with her usual threatening gesture and glancing sternly
wide sweep with his arm, amid a thunder of applause and laughter led
wide-open happy eyes, and quickly seizing his head pressed it to her
wide-open space adjoining the Povarskoy on one side and the gardens of
widened and lit up.
wielders of pick and shovel to the Far West, Wisconsin would early have
wife and the children,' and the old man began to weep. Now it happened
wife said--met for supper at Prince Vasili's. All these friends and
wife to alight, and let her pass into the house before him. Old
wife was wrong and that he was neglecting one of the first rules of
wife's carriage, little ones, Mamma and Papa, their relations to
wife's debts and to rebuild his houses, Pierre still maintained that
wife's nephew, wrote two business letters, and walked over to the
wife, and that it could not be otherwise.
wife, who had turned pale and was staring fixedly at her son.
wilderness. Many of them had been across the Mississippi and had beheld
wilderness. To ties of kinship and language were added ties created by
will accept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people. I do not
will applaud the resolution that has been reached and you will return in
will be Lelya's name day. I will invite two or three people, and if he
will be considered later with the surgery of the bones and joints and
will be constructed and ready for operation at the commencement of the
will be less panic and less gossip," ran the broadsheet "but I will
will be made and fund raising will begin in the additional states.
will be made and fund raising will begin in the additional states.
will be safeguarded, since such is the will of the greatest and most
will go wrong, and who is not displeased that it should be so. The
will in human beings in space, in time, and in dependence on cause
will join us, and the peace I shall conclude will be worthy of my
will not open its fist for fear of losing what it holds, and therefore
will of the people to their rulers, and that historical leaders have
will place the howitzers of the 3rd and 8th Corps, sixteen in all,
will re-erect against you that barrier which it was criminal and blind
will recite at my house tonight and there'll be some people, and if
will throw you back beyond the Dvina and beyond the Dnieper, and
will wetu'n neithah soldiers no' peasants, and we'll get only
will, and as far as was in his power held the troops back. He did
will, and that she herself wished it so.
willingly into his circle and did not speak to Rostov. Boris did not
willingly recognized, and Bennigsen is the only such man."
wills and inheritance; but I do know that since this young man, whom
win for them complete civil and political equality, wiping out not only
win. And if you like I will tell you that whatever happens and
winced. "The cession of Louisiana and the Floridas by Spain to France,"
wincing, and now smiling happily.
window frame, a suffocating smell of powder, and Prince Andrew started
window sill, leaned over, and looked down.
window talking to a tall man wearing stars and a ribbon. Natasha at
window) "and without holding on to anything. Is that right?"
window, and began to talk to him.
window, with a thin, pale, and spiteful face. She glanced round at
windows opening into the conservatory, with its large bust and full
windows, expecting he knew not what, and envying alike the notables he
windows, laughing and walking through the rooms. In cellars and
windows, the sick and wounded lay in two rows with their heads to
wine and viands. Groups of singers stood outside the windows. The
wine with dignity and looking to the count for approval.
wine, in heroic feats of self-sacrifice, and in romantic love for
wing from the position they had intended to occupy and took up a new
wink at Anisya Fedorovna, struck a single chord, pure and sonorous,
winked at him gaily, smiled, and rested his foot against the orchestra
winter and, now after Dolokhov's proposal and Iogel's ball, seemed
wiped it on his coat and supported himself with it. His frowning
wiped out and destroyed. And by chance an escape from this dangerous
wiped the tears from his eyes and from the letter, then having dried
wiping out their settlements. Though their manufacture and trade were
wisdom and virtue than mere words. This chamber with what you see
wisest of its people have no remedy for its pain, and the hope of
wish to see you, I do not think so and do not want to do so. You
wish was to attack next day, and the whole army desired to do so.
wish, tried to enliven him and amuse themselves. But their gaiety
wished and tried to please him as much as possible.
wished to go away and conceal himself, but at that moment he saw Makar
wished to go away, but there was no other fire, and Pierre sat down,
wished to meet him, and everyone questioned him about what he had
wished to see him personally, to question him about Turkey, and that
wished to show him my sensibility, and not listening to what he was
wished to spoil the general pleasure and disappoint everyone's
wished, and she tried to get as much taken away with them as possible.
wishes about it, and as the event results from the collective activity
wishes to test me!" His heart contracted and the blood rushed to his
wit, making him feel that in that place and on that day, it was
wit," continued Prince Andrew, "and at Anna Pavlovna's they listen
with "gross incivility" and the crowds shouting "Pitt forever!" The
with "his gentlemen" he always drove himself and never demanded
with Anthrax, showing great oedema of upper extremity and pectoral region
with Count Rostov, the general, and the colonel. At the card table
with Michael Ivanovich I know all that goes on in the world and
with Napoleon, the firmness he displayed in 1812 and the campaign of
with Platov's detachment and by evening found his master, Nicholas
with Sonya. Sometimes the household both among themselves and in his
with Tushin, stepping across the bodies and under a terrible fire from
with _ecchymosis_, numerous minute and discrete punctate haemorrhages
with a decanter on a tray as "my dear" and "my sweet," asked about the
with a disinfectant and deodorant lotion, such as Condy's fluid. The
with a happiness he had long forgotten and of which he had not even
with a kind of awe and even servility. A deference such as he had
with a long, thick, and smoldering wick.
with a mixed feeling of estrangement and tenderness pressed her lips
with a mixture of one part iodoform and two parts boracic or salicylic
with a shade of contempt for the youthfulness of this officer and with
with a special strength of soul and mind called genius. This power
with a subtle smile on his lips and a peaceful look of delight at
with a supple movement to show how he had done it.) "One turned up and
with a thoughtful air of importance, and now frolic about playing with
with a trembling voice and some difficulty in utterance due to his
with a tuft of gray hair at the back of his head and wearing a
with a wink, and passed on followed by another, an old man.
with alarm and terror and overflowing with love.
with all their strength, and held back the crowd that was pushing
with also in inflamed and oedematous parts and in scar tissue. Arteries
with ammunition have been sent him from here, and his Serene
with an accent and until his death preferred his German home. During
with an agitated and serious face. As soon as he saw Natasha his
with an alteration in the attitude of the limb, and the displacement of
with an apoplectic flush over neck and nape as old people do.
with an effort. Everybody followed his example and they looked at
with an old mother and a hunchback sister, and was the most
with another having a greater momentum, and with equal inevitability
with anyone as she was with Sonya. Sonya had cried and begged to be
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
with astonishment, and no one was more surprised than Jefferson himself.
with beaming face at the princess without speaking and evidently not
with belts and girdles tightened, were taking leave of those remaining
with bread and salt and wished to build a chantry in honor of Peter
with bright, attentive, and animated eyes, as if trying to
with bruising and crushing of the tissues and grinding of gross dirt
with business and labor represented a departure from the old idea of
with chiefly on the upper part of the trunk, the neck, and the scalp. It
with childish bare shoulders which after her run heaved and shook
with crosses on their caps, who, talking and laughing loudly, animated
with curly light-brown hair and beautiful eyes, was delighted
with difficulty refraining from tears of vexation and irritation
with disfavor, and in 1684 King Charles II annulled the old charter of
with displacement of articular surfaces, such as hallux valgus and
with dolls and who was still having lessons.
with dresses, ribbons, and scarves strewn all about her, gazing
with drooping head and breathing heavily, pacing silently up and down.
with effusion of fluid, and this may be serous, sero-fibrinous, or
with elasticity of movement, faith in his good fortune, and
with endothelium and containing a fluid rich in mucin is ultimately
with even in advanced life; and although often associated with impaired
with evident pleasure and listened to the conversation of his two
with extravasation of blood into the connective-tissue sheaths, and is
with fairness, to respect her territorial integrity, and to give her
with families in wagons, men and women on horseback and on foot, burst
with fixed and frightened eyes, crossing themselves, bowed and
with flushed and animated faces, laughing loudly. In the middle of the
with fractures and in the reduction of dislocations. The veins most
with gaitered legs and turned-out toes, climbed the hill with
with glittering eyes and no sign of a smile.
with gossip," he continued. "Just now they are talking about you and
with great pain and runs a slow course. It is treated on the same lines
with great suddenness and prompt him to the coarsest and most reckless
with gypsies and "ladykins" as he called the cocottes. More than
with her belligerent Cherokees and Creeks. But neither diplomacy nor
with her black markings and powerful quarters, gaining upon the
with her golden domes and crosses scintillating and twinkling in the
with him toward everybody and especially toward himself, but when he
with him, and was horrified to find neither. What meant still more
with him, tell him about his past, his life at home, and his love, and
with him. Berg evidently enjoyed narrating all this, and did not
with him. Only Natasha and the countess remained in the room. Petya
with him; a mild and attractive personality; and a personal
with his back to Natasha and now facing her, but during the whole of
with his daughter, Princess Mary, and her companion, Mademoiselle
with his head thrown awkwardly back and his shako off.
with his hungry, ill-shod soldiers, and losing a third of his men as
with his knees close up to his head and one shoulder higher than the
with his left foot, and galloped on.
with his marshals and his army.
with his spurs, and giving it the rein leaped lightly over. Only a
with his voice and mustache, and Telyanin and all that affair with
with his whole body and eagerly listened to her story. "Yes, yes... so
with his wife, and by an anonymous letter he had received that
with horror that no barrier lay between him and her.
with horror that the meaning of all he had seen and thought in the
with hugh monograms A and N. In the windows of the houses also flags
with hunger and fatigue, need these supplies as well as a few days'
with hunts, theatricals, dinners, and music. He was glad to see Prince
with hydrops, and give rise to characteristic clinical features,
with impaired appetite, headache, and it may be looseness of the bowels.
with imperfect venous return. They are slow to heal, and tend to pass
with in Charcot's disease of joints, and in fractures which have
with in a multiple form, and may occur in several generations of the
with in infants and young children, it is apt to be taken for granted
with in the connective tissue of the skin and sheaths of nerves, and
with in the elbow, but it occurs also in the knee and ankle. There is a
with in the lower extremity, and usually occurs in those who are
with in the stomach and colon.
with in the stomach and intestine. As it resembles an adenoma in
with inward rapture, feeling that these words and they alone expressed
with iodine. Crushed and contaminated portions of bone should be
with it) and drew his attention to the verses.
with it, and again the women and men of weaker mold, Petya among them,
with its boundless soil, every man being able to find work and
with its embarrassments and affairs to be straightened out, its
with its red halo was still burning, and the same shirtlike sphinx lay
with lacerated and contaminated wounds greatly reduces the frequency of
with lead or arsenic, or from bacterial infections and intoxications
with light hair, and his red neck. It seemed to Rostov that
with marked pallor of the surface of the body and coldness of the skin,
with me?" She concluded from his tone that he was vexed with her and
with minor exceptions, was turned over to the Allied and Associated
with moss and ivy, with a gleam of white shoulders, glossy hair, and
with much animation and cheerfully nodded to his son as the latter
with much heat, and, as it seemed to Pierre, gave orders of great
with much spirit and agility.
with my teacher, and with Denisov, but this is quite different. I feel
with news of a victory, and General Bennigsen, hoping to receive
with one another, and that they do not correspond with the features of
with other wounded and captured Russian officers he was carried to the
with our regiment all the time, so that we had every comfort and every
with overgrowth of the epidermis and of the hairs--_naevoid mole_.
with pity for the foe and consciousness of the justice of our cause,
with powder and burned, and the hair singed. At ranges varying from six
with pride; when she spoke she noticed with fear and joy that he gazed
with prisoners, Petya had once more felt awkward and restless; but
with professions of faith and with petitions. It took one revolutionary
with profit. The first and chief object of our Order, the foundation
with pyogenic organisms. It is gradual in its development, and is of a
with red-liveried footmen and footmen in plumed hats. From the
with resolute and triumphant steps between the French soldiers.
with resolute strides and went into the house.
with shining eyes and experienced a sense of comfort. "But isn't it
with shining eyes. With a movement full of dignity and grace she
with shy delight at the faces, uniforms, and decorations of the
with soda fomentations, removing the unhealthy granulations, and
with some expressed wish and, receiving a justification, presents
with some inquisitive civilians, and again, after two years, saw those
with spies. They had planted bombs in ships and munition works. They had
with stiffness, and with flexion, the condition closely resembles
with strength for the fight. Take up the spear and shield and arise to
with surprise at Pierre's huge stout figure and listened to his talk
with suspicion and therefore should be removed on radical lines.
with terrible swiftness aiming at his scut, and, thinking she had
with that Frenchwoman and made me quarrel with him, but you see I need
with the Algonquins and the Mohawks, were marked by periodic and
with the British and French in their life-and-death contest with
with the Emperor Napoleon, and in the upper circles of Petersburg
with the Empress and during the royal apprenticeship of my son, to
with the European system of family prestige and vast estates based on
with the French and their savage allies.
with the agents of New York and Massachusetts to discuss problems of
with the appalling menace of a winter without heat. Governors and mayors
with the companies. He needed a job; his wife and children would starve
with the count and invited him to draw his covert.
with the degree of force which produced the injury, and in shape with
with the democracy of Jefferson, and his appeal was clothed in the
with the dogs, while from under them could be seen her gray hair and
with the enemy's movements, and so it might be supposed that all
with the external world in time and in dependence on cause, that is,
with the formation of ulcers and sinuses--have been described with
with the greatest pleasure--which he did not conceal and which his
with the harsh voice, and it was that affair and this soldier that
with the impetuosity he used to show at catchplay, now and then
with the letter, came on tiptoe to the countess' door and paused.
with the main army and that Kutuzov has been appointed commander in
with the other forms of phagocytes they ingest and destroy the bacteria.
with the people of the other states and will forthwith proceed to
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
with the production and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
with the production and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
with the rank of lieutenant; but as it is I receive two hundred and
with the representatives of the company; and periodically the agents of
with the risk of infection taking place, and should this occur, the
with the self-destruction toward which--ever dissecting and dissecting
with the skin of the sacrum and buttocks during the time he is on the
with the truth, simplicity, and strength of the class of men he
with the uneven movements of the bearers, and the cold listless gaze
with the village, the church, and the large white house. The bare
with the words: "Morning dawned, the sun was rising," and
with their booty and their stories, and all came to look at the
with their personal characteristics, habits, circumstances, and
with their plumes, ribbons, and medals, both courtiers and military
with their struggling neighbors. Even the preachers and teachers, who
with their supporting cells and fluids, constitute granulation tissue,
with them--the French stumbled upon Neverovski's division and
with them. Austrian column guides were moving in and out among the
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
with those lining the Haversian canals and the medullary cavity.
with those of New York, Pennsylvania, and New England in the settlement
with three) and the music ceased. A worried aide-de-camp ran up to the
with tousled hair and a happy smile new to Sonya. She ran rapidly
with uncalled-for wrath, and therefore much to the surprise of the
with unexpected rapidity and ran out into the corridor.
with vague horror and curiosity at these released lunatics and
with very simple hard sofas, armchairs, tables, and chairs made by
with which Karataev generally lay down at the halting places, and when
with which Pierre spoke of that dead father, and from the careful,
with which to attack and defeat the enemy should he cross the Lech.
with you that nothing is left for an intelligent and good man but to
with--for example, in the breast and in the marrow of long bones--in the
withdraw and had failed. The corollary of this latter line of argument
withdrawing blood and exudate from an inflamed area, for example by
withdrawing troops from Siberia and Archangel, continued in its refusal
withdrawn a dram or a dram and a half of blood. If it be desirable to
withdrawn by means of a trocar and cannula. There are other methods of
withdrawn, and about an ounce of a 1 per cent. solution of protargol
withdrew and was immediately surrounded by courtiers on all sides.
withers of Balashev's horse and said:
within a few months and then remains stationary. It becomes tense and
within a month after birth and before the eruptions on the skin appear.
within a month and without fighting a battle had dwindled to half
within an hour or two of the administration, and usually disappear
within the space of less than thirty years penetrated, explored, and
without a name, and not even a Frenchman, emerges--by what seem the
without a swelling heart and tears of sadness and rapture. So the
without any heroic display took him unawares and he suddenly felt
without any warning and without regard to the loss of American lives.
without any warrant in the Constitution and devised in the interest of
without connections and intrigues, and to one who was associated by
without consolation! I am very, very sorry for her," he concluded, and
without fear and concealing it from the doctor, she agreed to
without her false curls, and with her poor little knob of hair showing
without her parents' knowledge and that the cause of this was
without his father's consent, and he could do the same, but that she
without his greatcoat, with his Orders on his breast and an enormous
without looking at him, and with a kind of fury that made him like his
without paying for the privilege and waging war on one another over the
without replying. Belliard began talking loudly and eagerly to the
without resting, and to halt facing Vienna with Znaim to his rear, and
without sleeves and only tacked together, and was turning her head
without thinking of the tremendous significance of that immense and
without trying to change the other's views and without condemning him,
without waiting for it to be accepted took leave of absence and went
without waiting to be prompted by the governor's wife and not asking
without--inoculation tubercle and lupus.
witness to the competing power of western wheat fields. Sheep and cattle
witnessed between his father, Mary, and Natasha, than he had then.
witnessed the overthrow of the clergy and the nobility; but middle
witty and might have been funny, but it lacked just that something
wives and children." The nobleman smote his breast. "We will all
wolf's lope and the borzoi's slower pace made it plain that Karay
wolf's path and his borzois once more stopped the animal's advance.
wolf, which, with her broad-browed head hanging down and the bitten
wolf. By the way the hunt approached and receded, by the cries of
wolf. Nearer and nearer... now she was ahead of it; but the wolf
wolves to be fed and the sheep to be safe..." or: "They cannot
woman more than her. She knew that for the Penza estates and
woman of about forty, with a double chin and full red lips, entered
woman suffrage in the British Parliament and the author of a powerful
woman with an unweaned baby, an old woman, and a healthy German girl
woman's footsteps running along the path. She rose and saw Dunyasha
woman's loose gown of frieze, blue trousers, and large torn Hessian
woman's voice and the rustle of a silk dress behind the door.
womanly and courtierlike quickness and tact habitual to her, Anna
women are wanted in my house--let him marry and live by himself.
women as the writings of Locke and Paine had served that of men. The
women in 1869 and continued it on becoming a state twenty years later,
women let go of one another, and then, as if afraid of being too late,
women than among men. He talked boldly and naturally, and Natasha
women who came to these balls with an air of condescension and found
women who do the daily work in our mines and factories, on our
women's industries, such as spinning and weaving; the denial of equal
women, and children of "all sorts and conditions." The major portion
women, and children of the large peasant family crowded into the
women, and children serving out terms of bondage generally ranging from
women, and children, closed all discussion of slavery in that section.
women, between the ages of eighteen and thirty, who are the subjects of
women; from carousals back to gossip, reading, and wine. Drinking
won't say anything to Mamma. Nicholas will tell her himself, and he
wonder Southern statesmen saw, in the annexation of Texas and the
wonder anxiously how things would be at Otradnoe and what he would
wonder-working icon of the Iberian Mother of God and go to fight, or
wondered as he got up: and at that moment he felt that something
wood on the village and turn the enemy's position.
wood, plastered only inside. It had bare deal floors and was furnished
wood. In the wood, wagons and horses were standing. The horses were
woodcutting, and, allowing the French to pass him, had made a
wooden beams and screens, and two wavering clouds of smoke rose over
wooden wing of the house, which was burning brightly and fiercely. One
woods and the carts should not be provided. Without saying anything of
woods the Rostovs were hunting and let his man snatch a fox their dogs
wool, and in the use of hot-air or electric baths, the parts being
woolen cloth as the chief staple in a lucrative foreign trade, and the
word--an old woman; and secondly because Pierre in his preoccupation
words "better late than never" and heard them repeated several times
words he had spoken, or say: "Oh, why did I not say that?" and,
words, and his recognition of the possibility of everyone thinking,
words. He understood that for him the storm had blown over, and that
words. If you are going to fight a duel, and you make a will and write
words. The countess went into the oratory and there Sonya found her on
words; his face twitched and the calf of his left leg began to
wore an unpleasant and artificial smile. Alexander was saying
work _On Neuroma, and Neuro-fibromatosis_ (Edinburgh: 1900).
work and could get nothing done. He kept criticizing his own work,
work was completed and in a secret session of the full conference the
work, and the traveler became absorbed in it. Pierre looked at him.
work, was wearing only trousers and a tattered shirt as black as soot.
worked zealously to that end, and though the Emperor Napoleon
workers representing all the leading trades and crafts, organized into
workers were thrown out of employment; and yet, while on the point of
working and looked up with that curious expression of inner, happy
working--one of the earliest and most picturesque of colonial
workingmen of the East and the immigrants from Europe, was a thing of
workingmen unemployed, oppression instituted, and the loss of the
workmen and to peasants evoked no response. There were no
works and give answers to the religious questions. Massachusetts was
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
works. Despite these efforts, the Project's eBooks and any
works. Despite these efforts, the Project's eBooks and any
workshops should be kept in Europe and with them the artisans with their
workshops, palaces and wealthy houses filled with luxuries, hospitals,
world fated to heed and obey.
world in which till now she had been confined and in which her
world of reality and delirium in which something particular was
world one has to be cunning and cruel."
world to somewhere where everything was stupid and confused. A week
world touched Pierre: he looked at Helene and she too seemed
world's first bankers and money lenders itself. Every grain of wheat and
world, on time, and on cause, we arrive at laws."
world. But this was not enough. She knew that, and asked herself,
world. Manufacturing nothing and having to buy nearly everything except
world. Napoleon merely laid the cross on Lazarev's breast and,
worldly sciences of physics, history, chemistry, and the like, into
worn at the theater, looking pretty and conscious of it, were standing
worn away, so that in a ball-and-socket joint like the hip, the head of
worn in cold weather, and sudden changes of temperature avoided. The
worn-out, gloomy-faced bootmakers, wearing overalls and long
worst in life, one she had not yet experienced, irreparable and
worst--road, through Krasnoe and Orsha.
worthier, sweeter, and better than the feelings which the beautiful
would I not give now to be unmarried! You are the first and only one
would again be stopped and the countess herself would lean out of
would be already known in Moscow and that the ladies about his father-
would be far easier and simpler for him to die. Others are being
would be no battle, Kutuzov left Krasnoe and went to Dobroe whither
would be overshadowed and at length overborne in the struggle of giants.
would be particularly pleasant to him to dishonor my name and ridicule
would be sure to get his dinner, tea, and supper. But for a long
would be surrendered, and then dispersed all about the town to the
would begin to talk circumstantially and with evident satisfaction.
would change his whole life, and he impatiently sought everywhere
would clinch the gains so far secured and establish white supremacy
would concentrate. "There we shall encounter difficulties, and there,"
would cost something more both at Baltimore and Alexandria. The waggon
would descend and deep wrinkles would crease his cheeks. His small,
would disappear; and anyone looking at the rear of the French army
would do so. The locality and the position of our troops were known to
would enable Congress to protect American manufactures and to break
would excuse her want of ceremony and come upstairs to her apartment.
would feel at home. He nodded hurriedly in reply to Chernyshev, and
would give allegiance. British sea captains, sometimes by mistake, and
would give my life twice over..." He looked at the countess, and
would go away without having heard from the staff--and this interested
would go into raptures over every word of hers and look for a profound
would have at seeing the fright of that small and frail but proud
would have happened." He saw the frightened and then infuriated face
would have killed him and have proceeded to fight the Russians because
would have presented a very sad and depressing spectacle.
would have said that I should be a soldier and a captain of dragoons
would have supposed, long ago have effaced? But the spirit and the
would help him and bring him back to life, which seemed to him so
would hurry up and come and marry her!" thought he on his way to the
would like to serve, and Prince Andrew lost his standing in court
would not do and that he had to be quiet.
would not follow him into Russia, and we should not go to fight in
would not wish to see him, and would even avoid another meeting with
would only be able to submit from habit, and she said: "I wish only to
would remain and whatever became of charters can never be abolished
would say to Kutuzov, Rostopchin turned angrily in his caleche and
would say to him, and these words sometimes seemed undeservedly cold
would say: "What can one do with our Russian peasants?" and imagined
would today agree with Pfuel, tomorrow with his opponent, and the
would upset all his teaching, and he shrank from beginning, afraid
would, it seemed, have held it till evening and have gone in to dinner
wouldn't buy something. I went in out of curiosity, you know, and
wouldn't have been happy, and Natasha won't lack suitors. Still, it
wound in the soft parts is valvular the haemorrhage is arrested and an
wound is its tendency to gape. This is evident in long skin wounds, and
wound may heal and its edges join, physical and spiritual wounds alike
wound the liver cells proliferate and a certain amount of regeneration
wound, and to remove any foreign body or blood-clot that may be in it.
wound, which like a physical wound is sometimes fatal and sometimes
wound_, clear out the clots and infected tissues with a sharp spoon,
wounded and four dead. Two men in peasant coats ran away at the foot
wounded and take the trunks to the storerooms. When they understood
wounded and unwounded, with frightened faces, dragged themselves
wounded and unwounded--it was they who were crushing, weighing down,
wounded did he frown and turn away from the sight, shouting angrily at
wounded man and Natasha the thought occurred that should he recover
wounded man over so that he groaned again and grew unconscious and
wounded men at Mozhaysk and understood what the soldier had meant when
wounded men running back and the disordered rear of the army,
wounded men were sitting and one was lying. One of those sitting up in
wounded men. One with a bleeding head and no cap was being dragged
wounded was correct, others that it was not, and explained the false
wounded, and one knocked out," he added, unable to restrain a happy
wounded, together with the heaviness of his head and the news that
wounds of the fingers--especially of the thumb or little finger--and is
wounds, to ensure more complete closure and to prevent subsequent
wounds. Au revoir, Prince Repnin!" and he spurred his horse and
wove. They fashioned ships and sailed the seas. They bartered and
wrapped in rags and one cheek was swollen to the size of a baby's
wrapping paper, and ropes were scattered about. The peasants and house
wraps and sat down on the sofa. Petya, leaning on his elbow, fell
wrinkles, scowling brows above dull greenish-hazel eyes and an
wrist and ankle, sometimes in a multiple and symmetrical form,
wrist and in the tendons at the ankle. The tuberculous granulation
wrist joints to become implicated. Impaired movement of tendons and
wrist, particularly in the extensors of the thumb, and it is most
wrist, shoulder. The hip and spine are most often affected in childhood
wrist. The awful pain he suffered made him moan incessantly and
wrist_, the abductor-opponens group of muscles and the two lateral
writing to the children of the peasants and household serfs.
written and signed agreement, incorporating the spirit of obedience to
wrongs, and scattering public buildings and benefactions on all
wrote Le russe Besuhof and adding up the numbers got 671. This was
wrote books and pamphlets. They filled most of the chairs in the
wrote that he had never loved as he did now and that only now did he
wrote), and my love has no aim but the happiness of those I love;
yard and fetch a fowl, please, a cock, and you, Misha, bring me some
yards unlocking or breaking open coach house and stable doors,
yder's cry of dismay on discovering the robbery, and to having rushed into the room, where she found matters as described by the last witness. Inspector Bradstreet, B division, gave evidence as to the arrest of Horner, who struggled frantically, and protested his innocence in the strongest terms. Evidence of a previous conviction for robbery having been given against the prisoner, the magistrate refused to deal summarily with the offence, but referred it to the Assizes. Horner, who had shown signs of intense emotion during the proceedings, fainted away at the conclusion and was carried out of court."
year after Roger Williams and Anne Hutchinson conducted their followers
year should be free, though held for a term as apprentices; and in 1827
year, so that one-third may be chosen every second year; and if
year, were designed to protect the public against diseased meats and
years after the first meeting of the Congress of the United States, and
years afterwards, the bone may become painful and tender. The symptoms
years ago. Since then she had not seen him. Before Sonya and her
years before was on the high road to success at last. New and powerful
years later, Georgia and Alabama alone had more than one hundred and
years later, made them a part of his program, and in the same year South
years of age, whom Pierre had formerly met at the gypsies' and knew as
years older than her sister and behaved already like a grown-up
years or centuries, and only the Deity, independent of everything, can
years the flooding tide of home seekers rose higher and higher.
years was to lie, found their indifference to slavery broken and their
years, and usually affects one eye before the other. It commences as a
years, had become completely changed, and had quite left behind his
years, having softened and grown more manly, lost his former
years, overflowed with animation and impulsiveness. To be an
years, the Republicans, in their speeches and platforms, made "a
years--with exemptions on grounds of physical weakness and dependency.
years. The operation consists in dividing the skin and capsule over the
years; and each senator shall have one vote.[4]
years; the other, in which the disease is more rapidly disseminated and
years; the scars are sounder and are less liable to break down again;
yell and run away. Pierre, however, seized her and lifted her in his
yelled, angrily avoiding Pierre with his eyes and speaking to his men.
yellow, and lemon-coloured at its margins, the central part being the
yesterday a deserter was knouted to death and a minister of that
yesterday and I have come to do so today. I never experienced anything
yesterday, yesterday, and today," thought Sonya. "But it can't be that
yet arrived from town, and he was vexed with himself for having
yet so similar in that they had both lived and both died and in the
yet, and I don't yet see my chessboard clearly. Go!..."
yielded to it! But they... they were steady and calm all the time,
yielding them a penny. Thus by the labors and sacrifices of citizens,
you about our parting and all that was said then. That is still too
you and Dunyasha. I saw him lying on a bed," said she, making a
you and make you weep.
you are going by yourself, are having the horses saddled and said
you delay at all there'll be tears and 'Papa' and 'Mamma,' and she's
you everything, my friends, and I beg you to take everything, all
you have written it yourself?' said he, and he took up the Hamburg
you ought to sign it and ask this gentleman to take it. No doubt he"
you pull at it and it bulges, but when you've drawn it out it's empty!
you say you do not know God and hate your life. There is nothing
you shall want for nothing. You shall be given food and lodging."
you should add your efforts and should, if possible, forget the
you to Himself, for in Him alone is truth and peace," said she in a
you will be so kind, I'll fix a time and go down to the estate just
you'll like it," and he patted her cheek. "It will drive all the
you, I will throw up everything and fly to you, to press you forever
you, and you have been entered in the diplomatic corps and made a
you, my dear. One day you are dull, and the next you refuse to see
you, who do not believe in the truth of the light and who have not
you," he added, and was about to go to the drawing room.
you. Can I do anything for you? Dispose of me. It is for life and
you... go," and he continued to put on the uniform the valet handed
you...."), "in destroying them, and will send these visitors to the
young Bolkonski's wife, this very evening, and perhaps the thing can
young adult women, and from its following upon lupus of the toes or foot
young and I am old. I should like to help you as far as lies in my
young and old men and women Pierre could not understand why he did not
young count was displeased with their management and embezzlement of
young fellow repeated one after the other, and they moved up the
young ladies might go to the Melyukovs', Sonya, generally so timid and
young man accompanying him to Petersburg and staying at his house.
young man and help him to worldly success. Under cover of obtaining
young man in the fur-lined coat and pointing to the bottom step of the
young men, among whom were Denisov, Rostov, and Dolokhov--who was
young people dancing, Iogel with Natasha, his pride and his best
young son, resting on him and winking joyfully at him. Young Rostov
young, all our octogenarians were reviewed, and of Prozorovski and
young, and because he had been an illegitimate son without a name.
young, of most diverse characters and social positions. On the faces
young, with long, prominent upper teeth, and wearing a black cloak and
younger brother, who was screwing up his eyes and shaking with
your aim?" said he quietly and quickly.
your excellent mother. Oh, my friend! Religion, and religion alone,
your eyes," added Willarski. "I wish you courage and success," and,
your father is rich, I don't regard myself as a relation of his, and
your father the truth when he was in favor, and in your case it's my
your habitual valor carry disorder and confusion into the enemy's
your needs, and of your welfare. Its members will be distinguished
your throat and another... that'll do!" And seizing her mother round
your victory is not a matter for great rejoicing and that you can't be
yourself and say you nearly ruined your life and only found
yourself but translated it, and translated it abominably, because
yourself, put a bridle on your senses, and seek blessedness, not in
yourself, your excellency!' says I, and I just tumbled on the bottom
yourself...." But he could not restrain himself and with the virulence
youth, that dread of beaten tracks, and wish to express itself in a
youth, we've had our fling and lived and reveled. Eh? And now, when
youthful thoughts and hopes, contrary to the whole tenor of his
zone of healthy skin around it and a somewhat large zone of the
zone--not the red margin--an artificial leucocytosis is produced, and
zone. Ships bound for Denmark, Norway, and Sweden were ordered to come
zoology was not merely acknowledged by all the religions and all the
| and HTML versions of this text.                                    |
| symbols here rendered as [ounce] and [dram]. The substitutions     |
